Vacationing to Arizona, Flagstaff, Las Vegas, Christmas, New Year's Eve.
I got these tickets, Buddy Pass tickets from JetBlue.
We were spending the holiday.
That was the first tickets I actually got from there.
They told me that I might muddin' my manager, you know, was able to, you know, say he'd be
some tickets to go away from the holly if you really wanted to.
And I was like, oh, that's nice, you know.
And I took that ticket and I went out there with you, you know, we'd be able to get what
we had were stand by tickets, meaning that, like, we would go there that day and we might
not get on the flight.
And what happened was, you know, they, you know, we got on the flight and, you know, it
was fine, you know, it was a very, you know, nice flight.
And then we rented a car, and I remember that we rented this, I forget what car we rented,
some type of, like, American car, and we drove that car from Phoenix to Flagstaff, and
that was such a, you know, interesting trip, because, you know, the air, oh, I forgot, Sedona.
Don't be guess, Sedona, going to Sedona where all the stones were red, it was really nice
doing that.
And I noticed that you were driving and it was such a mountainous area, very scary, you
know, being in that area, like, you know, just really fucking scary, you know, because
the rocks were just, like, ridiculous, and, you know, it was just, was, you know, totally,
like, ridiculous, and you could easily, like, if you, you know, there was nothing that keeps
you from, like, not going over except for your share will of, like, driving, yeah.
And getting to the house where it was that, it was nice, it was really nice to see, like,
an open view with the mountains and stuff like that, it was kind of cold.
I, I think I still worked one day, they had, like, some sort of, like, overnight, though,
I think I still did something, it was a weekend, something happened, we still had a meeting
or something, because it was just a weekend, I don't know, I had a week off, or we went
out there after Christmas, like, the day after Christmas or something like that.
And I just really liked those chug chugs, but it was doing with you, I don't know what
made those trips come together, but I really didn't like that trip.
And I think that it's, like, an exciting opportunity to, to see the world, you know, as it is, you
know, and, you know, it was, it was also a trip that I wouldn't have done on my own,
because it's not, I don't go out there, you know, doing something like that.
But eventually, I went ahead and, you know, we got out there, the guy who was hosting the
place in, in Airbnb and Flagstaff was nice, we took us some time looking for some places
to eat, you know, you always wanted to eat Chinese food, you didn't want to eat any
place else, which was very interesting, you know, I kind of liked it, you know, but, you
know, why were you so eager to, like, only eat Chinese food, I just don't know why.
But yeah, and, you know, and that's the whole thing was about that, you know, and yeah,
so, the, you know, the trip, you know, after a few days in, in Flagstaff, we spent, like,
I think a day or two, went to Grand Canyon.
And while we were driving to Grand Canyon, it was a very exciting trip, because that
was when we asked, he was able to go ahead and see, you know, the beauty of that canyon
together, there was even, like, an opportunity to go down to, like, some sort of ranch and
stay out there at night, because there will be no, like, light out there, but it was kind
of expensive, and it was a very, it was a very taxing trip, because you had to, like, hike
down to the bottom of the mountain to go to this, like, ranch and stuff.
Yeah, we have some really nice pictures of us being out there, and I really enjoyed that,
that trip, you know, I'm sorry about your boots, you know, I really felt like that was
my fault, you know, I, I, I, I guess, like, I was in, like, a fog, and I wasn't just
kind of tired and stuff like that, but, yeah, and, what else was there, you know, and then
we, I mean, we also had some issues with the, you know, you, I don't know, I don't know
what it was, but you have this thing about, like, just arguing for no reason, coming up
with stuff, you know, you want to know if I was thinking about Z, and you would go through
my phone, you would like, see that, you know, oh, you, you were searching her fucking information,
and I never really understood how you would notice that, but, like, why would somebody
deliberately keep putting themselves in that, that situation, you know, because Chris would
know that you wouldn't have to, you would know that, you know, everybody's sitting back
here and trying to, you know, destroy that, that, that, that situation is just like, it's
not really, it's not really worth it, you know, and you went off and, like, cried for a
little bit, and then came back, and then we kind of, like, were they able to make some
time to have a little, you know, holiday, like, it was a happy birth that, in the happy New
Year's, you saw the whole Las Vegas lighting up, which was great.
I didn't really expect us to have, like, such a, a frustrating time, you know, I kind of
felt that we would, I think I felt like we would, you know, we would come together
and have, like, you know, we would be okay, you know, being in what we had right now,
like, there wasn't, I didn't talk to Z, I didn't wish Z had been New Year's, I didn't
even try to, like, say anything to her, and I think that you were, like, trying to make
it look like that's what I was trying to do, because you couldn't probably contemplate
that I was looking to be with you, and I wasn't just, like, talking to you, just so that I
could be with you for that reason, I didn't, I, I, I wasn't thinking like that, the thing
about it is, like, I already made my decision not to talk to her, you know, but it was
almost like that you wanted, if I couldn't talk to her, if you couldn't talk to me at
all, then I wouldn't, then you want me to go talk to her, it was just really with noise,
I have no idea what you girls are going to bring to the table, you don't bring anything
to the table, I have to fucking create everything, you know, so that's kind of like why I was
getting really aggravated, because it's like that, the way you, where you arguing is something
about you, it's not really about me, you know, so, and that's kind of like where I was getting
aggravated about, we, we have, like, I don't know, but then when it came down to like,
exactly, we really was like, kind of like, whatever we were doing to, to make that, that
passion grow, it was great, and I really did like that, you know, and I really feel like,
you know, that's something that you can't like, you can't replicate, you know, if family
wants to go ahead and not be in your, inside your, your life, then this is the way they
got to do it, you know, but I did like traveling to Sedona, also we got the little candle, and
being able to visit those areas and eat food with you and, you know, we took those pictures
out there, I mean, like, I really, I really, really liked those pictures, you know, and
I really feel like, you know, there's something that's good about that, that I really, you
need to kind of keep up with, you know, not being in relationship and not paying attention,
it's not really helpful, you know, but we'll see how it is and put together something, and
maybe there'll be something that would be exciting in the future, you know, but, you know, obviously
there really isn't anything that you can, you can kind of like say, you know, there's just
nothing else you can really do or say at this point, but I do feel that, you know, I
want us to grow and I want us to kind of like have, you know, you know, some sort of
like future, you know, and I would like to do more trips like that, you know, ending that
whole area, that conversation was that I remember that when we were on our way back, they went
ahead and tried to say that, oh, we only had one seat, you know, and, you know, which seat
would you, you know, basically get, you know, we can't give both of you guys a seat, it's
just like, oh, well, you know, and I said to them that, oh, well, I'm not going to let
you stay here by yourself, you know, I said, I would come back together, you know, I said
for anything, I would have to come back and pick you up from the air for anyway. And, you
know, they may, and listening to that conversation now, it was almost like as if that somebody
was trying to express that, if you had to come back to go to this meeting, you know, would
you be able to come down there to do it? And it's like, yeah, I would have, but I didn't
really think that it mattered, you know, because honestly, that after the meeting was delayed
all through the time I was out there, we were supposed to have that meeting with the whole
group since I got there, you know, and the thing about it was just like, you know, somebody
wanted to see if they would, you know, if they would tell you to bark, would you, would
you bark, or you jump, or you say how high, and it's not about, it's not really about
the fact that I wouldn't do it. It's like, I don't even know that that's what you want
to do. I didn't think it was that serious. You know, you wanted somebody that was, you
know, you know, not me. And that was the whole issue. I just didn't really want to deal
with that. And like, I think that, you know, me not having a job, like, I don't care about
that, you know, because I really don't want to live like that. And I'm happy for, you
know, the opportunity to go out there, because of the fact that there's nothing else better
than being able to, there's nothing else better than being able to, there's nothing
else better than being able to be in, in a relationship that allows you to go ahead
and, and to be in the, I guess, like a, a life where you can, you can go ahead and you
can be happy, you know, and, you know, and I don't know what it is. I just feel like, like
there's somebody like trying to like, you know, destroy that whole thing or destroy that
light somehow because of the fact that they don't like the fact that they can't get you
to just say, maybe you don't deserve what you fucking looking for. Maybe you come in at
it the wrong way, you know, a conversation is like, you know, I don't, I don't have a situation
I'm like panically like looking for something. I think that that's what they want for these
reasons. But if you really want that, why didn't why couldn't you just continue to go
ahead and you can get a whole bunch of immigrants out there. There's a whole bunch of immigrants
in, in, in, in, in a country that you can go get H1B. What I think what happened was
that you couldn't do this anymore and you needed somebody else and you were hoping to
get me to do it. And then I would, you would use me all this whole time and then you would
get to push me away. And now you can't get me to do that. And you're just upset about,
you know, whatever. You know, and the thing about it is that, you know, I don't know what's
good or bad about that. You know, if anything, you know, life shouldn't be that, you know,
it shouldn't be that difficult. You know, it should, it should be a very, you know,
like exhilarating experience, you know, and I don't really regret that if ever, should
I, when I went back home, maybe, you know, but if I really thought that's what it was,
I wanted to basically done that. And I think that that's what she's trying to do is that
like she's trying to go ahead and she's, you know, she's carrying you, she's taking what
you're saying up. That's like, we're not, I don't really don't care. We'll just sit
back here and just come through the whole thing. Because the whole point, a whole point of
this, of this thing is that it doesn't necessarily really matter. Okay. If you, everybody actually
knew that they were going into a situation where that's what what people were actually
was doing, then we would know, um, we would know better and we would be able to grow as
a society because we would know that everybody is like connected. But like, it to me, it's
almost like it's that they want me to get mad and think that it was her. I was like,
she didn't do anything. I said, when I met her, she had like a lot of like different
things going on in her mind that wasn't remotely even a problem for me. You know,
and everybody was sitting back trying to like give me to do other things and I
didn't really want to do it. But that compliment that that that that trip was
great. And it's gonna leave me in the next conversation, but we had the trip.
