Alright, testing, testing, testing, one, two, three.
This conversation is about 2019, me and Jamie went to Florida, Universal Studios.
We planned that trip, I think, a couple of weeks before we went, to go to Florida for
New Year's.
It was great, but we didn't get a chance to go to Disney World, did you, Universal Studios?
We flew with JetBlue, and I think it stayed at a hotel, not too far from the Universal Studios,
walking distance almost.
One thing I like about going to amusement parks is that you always have the opportunity
to like be within the world of a child, you know, you're just going to ride and enjoy
yourself, the parents are worrying about the money.
Now I went to Universal Studios with an X of mine, Chiharo.
It was great, you know, it was not about going there.
Going there, this time without her and going there with Jamie, it was kind of weird because
I went there with her.
The trip was about, I don't know, I think it was like three or four days.
When we got there, we rented a car, I believe, we rented a car, and I think we rented a
car, I think, or we, I don't know, we used Uber, did we, yeah.
And it was a very like relaxed, you know, trip.
And it was just that, you know, I think that I was still dealing with the fact that my contract
ended with my job, so I didn't have the opportunity to, you know, do some of the things
that I normally do when I go, you know, traveling because I was trying to conserve money.
And then, you know, it was the end of the year, so it was like 2020.
I think I have some pictures, I'm going to check out the pictures real quick.
And yeah, you know, going to, you know, is there something about going to, you know,
the amusement park is always great, okay, with December 30th, 2020, no, 2019, all right.
I'm going to see too many pictures up here, look at it, yeah, here we go, check out the
pictures now.
So, you know, we went to different rides, transformers to Harry Potter show, there was
some party at Universal Studio, we didn't go to that, all right.
