So, um, this conversation was like, was really weird because it started out where like, it
was like an argument, you know, you, we were arguing about, yeah, you want on my phone.
See the thing about me was, the thing about you was that you would go on my laptop and
go searching certain things and then find they didn't complain about them when it complains
about it.
And like, I didn't really understand on why you kept doing it.
That's not something that you would do.
I don't have anything on you, you know, and it didn't really make sense.
To me, it felt like you just, we're just looking for argument and you wanted to argue and
was hoping that it would lead me to doing something and you would gain something from
it.
Because you weren't, somebody else was telling you something, but like, I needed for you
to see that that's not what that was.
And now you're getting upset that you're going to do a simple because this is what this is.
The idea about it was that they, they don't know what they were trying to do.
You know, nobody wanted to understand what they were trying to do.
And to me, I just really didn't know how else to really argue about the whole situation
because of the fact that, you know, life wasn't, life wasn't so clear and clairvoyant.
You know, it was more like we were sitting back and I was doing my, I was doing my, my,
I was doing the whole, you know, like I was doing the whole, you know, the whole trip and
shit like that, but then like people are trying to like go into what you were doing and acting
like you were doing something and I don't, you really can't say anything about it because
one, it may not really be happening the way you're looking at it.
It's just the way you're looking at it and that's the way it appears.
But there are people who are trying to pay attention to what you would, you know, you're
doing and, you know, gain something out of it, you know.
Like for example, you know, when I met Yao, Yao is just a way to kind of like understand
what she asked him on because like I always told Yao that I was with you and I started
talking, yeah, more on because you got another argument because you were trying to tell you
want to talk back with Darvis and you, you, you was going to go ahead and have Darvis
come over but instead of you doing that, you went over there with her and I just didn't,
I didn't understand what the whole point, and I didn't understand what the whole point
of the conversations that people were having.
You were more about trying to, you know, I don't know, be, I don't know, just being
ridiculous, you know, and just, you were just being ridiculous and I didn't know how else
to really, to, I didn't know how else really to, to adjust it because I felt like it was
very, like, unique, like there was, it was, it wasn't that much going on that made things
the way they, they ought to be, you know, and it was no other way for me to really address
what I wanted to have from our relationship except for the fact that we were, you know,
you know, we were just, I was just trying to just make the best out of the situation.
I think that's the great way to put it.
I was just trying to make the best out of the situation.
If I couldn't make the best out of the situation, then there wasn't any way to, there wasn't
any way to make the situation, you know, avoidable, you know, I didn't really understand that.
And, you know, and I will definitely go ahead and say that, you know, this is what I wanted
from our relationship because, you know, I think that after we did that whole, you can't, you
can finally came out to Las Vegas and I picked you up, we kind of like, you kind of got happy
with like, we made out in that little video, it was just doing it, it was a sight, I actually
liked it, you know, it was a, it was a good thing.
So I don't really don't know how to really, I don't know how else really to, you know,
express my concern, but I definitely will say that, that the trip was exciting, you know,
and I was going, I was going to, to, to the tournament, I was going to play magic, right?
And me going to play magic required me to bring my magic cards and it required me to
you know, to, you know, to, I don't know, just, I was also playing magic, I was, I also was
trying to, you know, work without working.
I think I did work, but I think that it was only one day and then something happened where,
you know, I got stuck out there and I couldn't do something and I lost out on certain days
and like, that was like the aggravation on my part, but like, where like, they had this
system with the heat, saying that the plane was so hot, you know, that they couldn't,
um, they couldn't let me on, they couldn't put too many people on the plane and just bullshit
and I was like, all right, whatever, and they had it sitting there for like three or four days
and I just knew that that wasn't what it was and they thought that, oh, you know, they'll
get stuck out there and can't afford anything and, you know, it would just be a fucking mess
for them and I just, I don't know, I really didn't like that whole idea, you know, behind
that because of the fact that, um, I realized that, you know, it's, uh, this is not, it's
not going in the rail that I can, I can like figure out, I didn't like it, I just didn't
really like the whole situation, I wanted us to, you know, to, um, I wanted us to not
have any arguing and we were just arguing and the job was being stupid too, so I just
didn't really like that as well, so, you know, and the end of the damn day, um, it was a good,
it was a good trip and I was happy for the time that I was here and I just couldn't wait
to really be back in, you know, in the States, but, you know, we did go out to, we went to,
I think that's how we went to, uh, we went to the, we stayed at, I stayed at the halt that
house for like a couple of days and we had to let the leave and I went to an Airbnb spot,
right? No, no, we went to Paris, no, we went to Grand Corral or something like that, Casino,
so I want to run those old casinos where they had like really cheap tickets because it was
at a event that was going on a week before, so whenever I invited left, the tickets were
really cheap, so I remember we used that as one of the methods we used to get, we wasn't spending
that much money either and when I finally came back home, it was a little bit of argument,
not confusion between me and money and imagining that or what happened, like, inlay got anything
on the plane, I think I got standby, you know, for some of my days and I couldn't build
my, I couldn't build them for those days, so at the end of the day,
again, it wasn't really much to say, but, you know, I didn't really say too much after that,
but that was the last trip that we actually had with the actual book, because I think that
the following trip I booked, I went to Japan, booked on my own and then there was no trip set
up and then that didn't work out because it's the end of the contract, but I did enjoy the trip,
you know, Vegas, I don't know, I just, after we took that picture of you inside the car, smiling,
looking all pretty, as you always do, and it was great.
