Okay, so vacation one. The first vacation we actually had was in Toronto. And that was
a great vacation, I think, because it was the first time we drove like, I think, eight
hours, right? From Brooklyn to we stayed in Pennsylvania for Bethlehem for a couple of
days before we left again so we could break up the path to drive. Because I think the first,
it was eight hours from Pennsylvania and then it was actually two hours from there, so two
hours from Brooklyn to Pennsylvania. And we had a great time, you know, spending, you know,
traveling out there. One of the things I remember was when we arrived at, well before that,
we had the, I got pulled over because of the driving. I passed the car, he was in the
cruising, the Yazzle driver's laying here, we passed him, he wanted to go ahead and do
something, say, whatever the fuck he was saying. And I had to pay that ticket, but something
happened, I didn't have to pay it or something got dropped or something happened. And the
lawyer on the phone was able to like tell me that, you know, hey, this is just like,
this happens, you know, don't worry about it. And, you know, and I just realized that
that wasn't, you know, something too upsetting about. But it was aggravating because, you
know, I got, I didn't really know that's what it would be supposed to do, you know, like,
you both to get into the other lane. But ever since then I just didn't do it in one. I think
now they have like, they do something different now where the actual, the cop actually goes
on to your other side door and not on the door that is facing the street, the highway, which
makes sense. I don't know why, you know, it didn't do that way. But, you know, I wasn't
really worried about that. I was, I was just really like excited about just talking with
you, going in Niagara Falls, you know, being in Toronto, making that food. When we decided
to make food at a house, that was a really good idea because we were, there wasn't that
many options in that area in Hamilton. There's like a Chinese restaurant, like pizza shop, and
we went into the store and I made that little chili thing for you. You seem to like it,
you know. And I just think that that is what's really important and really is important in
life. And I think that that's what is going on in our relationship right now is that they
are letting me do this whole thing to help me to help me to come up with some sort of,
I guess like argument that would be justifiable for an argument that would be justifiable
for the things I say. Like I said, I could do a lot of different things and that was what
it was. But like, if I go ahead and I would move back in with them or call them and ask
for their help, it would show that they actually are necessary in this situation. You know,
and I'm just like, no, you're not, you're not necessary in this situation. Okay, you guys
are full of shit. And I don't really, I don't like you guys at all. You know, what I really
feel like is that you know, it's not, you know, and what you want to make it look like that.
It's like, I don't want to go like going back to that isn't the issue. And that's what she's
trying to basically make it look like that. That's why she went back to my dad to be like,
oh, you went back there. I said, I didn't go back there. You know, and that's the whole
idea. Like it's like, I don't know why Ma did try she came back there. But like, for
me, I just, I would just aggregate it because of the fact that they want to go back there.
And you know, that's basically what it is. And the idea is to show that you can be out
here for us because you can. It's not like you can't be out here. But the idea about
it is that it's benefiting people, you know, and when I'm inside the the study area, there's
a lot of people that's in the study area. I mean, like this, like one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight seats in the study area. And you know, these people sitting in
there and they're doing their work. Some people like studying for exams, you know, there was
somebody in there with like their computer, they had to put their lap, they put in bring
them, they didn't have a laptop, they put their computer like a monitor and a keyboard
and everything, which was actually a pretty smart thing. I may do that where I might come
in there and leave my stuff in there all day while I run around and do like deliveries
and stuff like that and just see how far, how long and get by just leaving my stuff there.
The idea really is to, is to really kind of like come up with some new ways of tech
of living because I don't really want like I don't want their idea. They want to see
like if that's what if yes, strong, if you're strong enough to do that, and then you can
show them enough to like do a lot of things. So that's my, that's my plan with that.
Moving forward, you know, I don't know why I keep getting cut off. I keep, I keep making
these like detours in the conversation about, you know, the current situation. You don't really
want to do that. I, so I will go ahead and focus more on the trip. You know, so Toronto,
you know, one of the, the second thing I remember is when we got to Toronto and we got to the
Airbnb and we happened to have Airbnb owner or landlord or host, if the host was really
nice, he kind of was like looking at Jamie like pretty hard. I was like maybe 15, 20 seconds
as we were having a conversation about, you know, the, the whole thing. And she didn't,
and she didn't really, she really didn't go ahead and make a, she didn't really go ahead
and make a big deal about it. But I noticed him talking and I was like, he was saying something
about how he had a store in Vietnam. And what it was, was that him in Vietnam, he, him having
a store in Vietnam, it was like, it was like a restaurant he had. And they also did like
a Airbnb. I mean, that's a really cool idea. I like that idea. But he didn't talk to, he's
his wife to have that, his wife was Vietnamese. And I think that that's like the type of like
idea I would like to have for the relationships. You know, you can make money do a lot of things
on the internet, but like you really have to keep the focus on what you want in order to
achieve that. And when we were going on this vacation, I was trying to put those things
together. It was just that I realized that there were people was listening and they were trying
to like come up with ways to, ways to take that information from you. And, but I also
want to look at it another way, which was, you know, the fact that you can manipulate these
demons as well, and to doing what you need to do as well, you know. So that's kind of like why I
prefer to go and continue to argue with the situation with other people about why I want
I stayed with you and we stayed going to that trip, you know. Going to the next step,
all the other part of that was the casino. You were really big on like casino and like how you
wanted to go to the casino and it was up at the end of the day. Okay, we went to the casino.
And we had some fun and we bought some wine. I remember we bought that French ice wine,
which I feel like was kind of overpriced. It was tasty, but it was small. And then the stopping on
the highway to have sex, which was, you were really with horny that day. And I always want to
find a way to like reproduce that because that is really hot to, you know, feel that anyway.
Yeah. So, but that whole thing was, you know, it was it. You know, I really enjoyed that trip.
I think that you did drove a little bit, you know, you want that you want a ton of like practice
driving because you had your driver's license. And I just enjoyed it, you know. So, yeah.
So with that trip, I do, I think that trip was a B plus, you know, an A plus would be, you know,
where we would, you know, I would say A plus. Let's say A plus because that was like a great
trip, you know, one of the first trips. I liked the hotel. I had the room had like
some bed bugs in it. I don't know, it was just kind of weird. But yeah. So, I'm gonna move on to
the next vacation. And move on. All right.
