So, this is the post-pandemic situation where the earliest memory I have of the post-pandemic
situation was we had to lock down in March.
We kind of just was at home just making things, making ends meet, ordering food, ordering deliveries
and stuff like that and staying in the house and looking at the way the world was growing
or turning into something more not really devastating but interesting.
It wasn't something where it looked like it was going to be like that way forever.
Just like for example, people were complaining about rent and having a problem and people
were complaining about whether they should take the vaccine or not and then we decided
to take the vaccine in April of 2021 and we went to New Hampshire and stuff like that.
Since then, it has been a very interesting time.
I mean, there are a lot of things going on outside of our circle but there wasn't that
much going on within our circle.
For example, you decided to move out at the end of 2020 and move back into your house and
that's why you were living ever since.
It was almost like as if it was planned for you to move out at that time and I was supposed
to move too but I didn't move.
I stayed and I'll go into detail about why I stayed and didn't move in later conversations.
It's just that I'm not quite sure where this is supposed to go.
I think that there's an actual, there's so much evidence that they think that somebody
believes that there's some information about me that I would want to move and that's what
they would want to do and what they've actually what they've done is that they've manipulated
the information, they manipulated the information to the point where it looks like as if I had
like money and planning to go somewhere and I just didn't go and I don't know what that
actually means because it's really affecting our relationship.
I felt the whole time that there was somebody who was hoping I would just leave and go somewhere
and I left and went to Japan all in 2022 and only because there were just so many things
going on and like going out there was just to get more information, not necessarily to
you know to stay you know just to see what was going to happen but even out there there was
just like nonsense going on you know people trying to pretend that they were people pretending
that they were you know that there was already there was so many things done and they didn't
need any help for anybody else and everything's all set up and it was just was weird to me
it's like what did that supposed to mean you know and I just decided to you know to
to have to do my investigations on my own which was you know it was kind of frustrating because
it took a toll on us you know there's been a lot of times where like it looks I feel like you
felt like Jamie wanted me to leave her and just like break up with her but I wouldn't
and for some reason she's not willing to do that on her own you know but I feel like
like she's slowly becoming less and less and less um affectionate it's a little bit colder
and I'm not sure what that actually you know I don't know what that actually means you know I
don't really don't know and um I just don't know you know I just don't really don't know
and the um and but what I'm beginning to see what's going on is that I feel like I'm beginning
to be used as a beacon for like oh if he does it then everything's fine and it's not really
for me going anywhere else for me to just like do those things
