Introduction, describe the circumstances in your relationship, began such as how we met
and what initially attracted you to each other.
Share your feelings and expectations of the start of the relationship, June 16th, April
6th, June 16th. I was on the way home from a, I guess, like a Spanish salsa, casino salsa dancing
class. I've been going to that class for about two years or so, off and on. I was basically
held in Manhattan and I was coming home from work and I decided to just go to it. You know,
it's just a way to stay connected with people, learn a new skill and there was a lot of fun
of people inside the class but the problem about it was that it had two classes, like one was one,
one was two and the level two class was right after the level one class but I decided to go home
and just take the level one class but I forgot my headset in the coat rack at the salsa
meetup. It's also dancing meetup and if I didn't go ahead and decide to go back to pick up my hat
I wouldn't have been able to meet, like I wouldn't have been able to meet,
Jamie, at all. I mean, I would have missed her entirely at night because I already took the
train and went home when I found out that my headset was gone. So this is the beginning of
the relationship. I will say that, you know, I do talk to women on the street or at some random
events as a way to kind of like build up my confidence to, you know, in hopes that you might be
able to get a number or some conversation. Jamie, she kind of like startled me a little bit because
we were both running towards the train turn style and I was already in the turn side. She was rushing
to try to catch her train and ran into me and it was very weird, you know, because she was just
such a, you know, a very good looking, you know, girl and then she kind of like had these elements
of like she might be, you know, Asian, you might be Chinese and my dad. So she's walking down the
street, she's walking down the turn style, you know, and I think a nice shirt and I kind of like
so a short sleeve shirt that kind of like just shaped her very well and then she had these like
black pants and the black pants kind of like hung her whole body in a way, you know, she's wearing
a little bit of like makeup lipstick and eyeliner and she looked at me with her eyes like as she
passed by and I let her go by and I was like, okay, this is, this is something that I'm going to have
to like find more about because I couldn't just let that go by. So I quietly slightly,
slowly walk behind her, you know, not too far. I would say like 10, 12 feet ahead of her,
behind her and she gets on the end train. So she's waiting for the end. Now I think the end,
I could take the D as well but the end is closer to my apartment. So, you know, I was able to kind
of stand, you know, a couple of feet away from her on the train platform and can just take a look
at her. She wasn't paying attention to me, she was looking at her phone and checking the path
for when the scene was coming and sure enough, I'm like, she's going to get on the end train,
I'll get on the end train too. So the train comes, I hop on in and I sit beside her and
you know, it's very interesting to see that she's just a very, you know, it was just very interesting
to see such an attractive, you know, girl just sitting there and you know, she didn't give off
the vibes that she was going to be mean or she would just all in her own world with the phone,
she was holding on looking at her phone. I got on the train, I sat in front of her,
like on the opposite side of the car, not like directly in front of her but like to the side.
So I can go ahead and look at her, you know, from looking at her, like holding my head to the
right and she was, and you know, I was like, you know, I have to talk to her, you know, I just knew
that talking to her was something that was going to be important, you know.
I felt like I would regret it if I didn't and look at it, you know, seven years later,
you know, I'm glad I did, you know, it was, it wasn't something that happens, you know,
most of the time I do talk to women on the street but very rarely will I get a girl to want to like
give me her number or she gets me a number, we talk for like one or two times and she doesn't
talk anymore or she, or she goes ahead and she, she decides to go ahead and, you know,
not in the conversation and do something else. You know, the girls I used to meet were like always
from like, like work or through friends or dating ab or something, you know, like a random girl on
the street never really got a chance to do that. I mean, like there were some girls too that I was
like, you know, I did have conversations with but very rarely will that actually happen. So I was
really excited to feel like, you know, we were able to, you know, hit it off when she got off the
train. She actually went ahead and took about, I would say seven stops from my, from the Manhattan
train station. So she was about, we were actually, we were, I thought that we were going to be able
to, you know, get off the train and, and I'll be really like, you know, probably say something to her
before she leaves Manhattan. Luckily, she actually was two stops from my house. That's what she
actually lived. So we ran into each other really nicely. And I saw her and she's like, oh, you know,
we get off the train. I go, I got off, I got off her stop. I walk behind her and I realized like how
weird this can probably be. And when I stop her, she turns around, she looks at me and she's like,
oh, you know, hi, you know, I know that you are, you know, I said, I thought that, I said that,
hey, I know that you're probably, you know, busy. You don't really talk to people that much. But I
tried to talk to her about her shoes. And then from her shoes, you know, that was it. I just said,
you know, I just really wanted to just get to know your number and maybe like talk to a little bit,
you know, if that's why it's fine. And she said, yes, you know, and thinking back, you know, she's
like, sure, I don't have a problem because she says something about her boyfriend. She'll go,
you know, I'm not really talking to my boyfriend right now. So yeah, I'll give you my number.
And it was weird when she did that, you know, because it was, that doesn't really happen, you know.
And it just was just, I was in the mood that just like, I just had to like say something. So you think
about it, it's like, if I felt that she knew who I was before I met and she was just joking,
it was still worth it. Like, it's, I don't know, that's still what's happy about the whole situation.
But the overall idea is, you know, you kind of hit it off very well after that. She was talking and
having fun and saying shit to me. And I was saying shit to her. And I think after about a week,
we ended up going out to a pool hall and me, you know, people. And I was looking at her and I was
like, you know, she's, you know, really, she's really good. You know, she's a really good,
you know, looking girl. She kind of like had a very young, you know, attitude, but you know,
but I was becoming more aroused talking to her. I think that my arousal and desire for
Jamie was because of the fact that she, she had just like a very interesting look that I, you know,
was familiar with. And when I finally went ahead and I started to be gotten and talked to her, I was
like, this is great. You know, I said, I want to try to make this like work, you know, like talk
to her some more. And just reflecting on that is like, you know, what do you say to that?
You know, what do you say to that as a man that's trying to meet like, girl, like it's really hard
trying to meet girls that you are interested in, you know. And then when you do find her that isn't
that interested in you, it usually ends very quickly. So that speed that it went from, you know,
I think it took almost like 10 days and then we met and then we even like made out and we had sex
like right after that. I just wasn't, she was just helping a girl that I just wasn't going to
give up the opportunity, you know. And that was it. So yeah, I'm ended right here.
