West Virginia vacation, and what was it on?
West Virginia, Washington, D.C.
OK, this trip was set up because when
soon as we got back from, soon I got back from Japan.
No, no.
We got back from what happened?
I came back and then we had the trip, my business trip to Canada,
where we spent like a week or two out there, and I met Jamie.
No, no, Jamie came with me for Chinese New Year.
I was like, oh, I want to go see for Chinese New Year.
And they was trying to go ahead and make it look like, I don't know.
There was just something going on.
And they were just trying to push you to go do something.
Just, look, reflecting on it right now,
when I was going through it the whole thing, it didn't make any difference to me
because one, I was paying for it on a pocket.
That's what the whole thing was.
Nobody was paying for the trip first, and that's the reason why I didn't say anything about it.
That's why I didn't say too much about Jamie going with me to Toronto.
Because your job was paying, your job paid for it.
No way to pay for mine.
I got reimbursed like after the trip, like a couple of weeks after the trip,
I got reimbursed for the whole thing that was out there, you know?
So it wasn't like a real business, because it wasn't for me to actually come out there.
They were trying to do something else, and it didn't work in their favour.
So, yeah, the overall aggravation of the trip was that we couldn't go ahead and do much of anything
because of the fact that we, because of the fact that, you know, I was trying,
I think that it was like this level, like somebody was trying, I mean,
it's like reflections of the whole situation.
You know, somebody wanted me to like do something their own way, and I wouldn't do it.
Like somebody was like, if you could control him, then you, then you can do what you want.
But if you can't control him, then you can't, and like just listen to it.
That's constantly what this whole thing was, was out by people wanting to fucking control it.
Y'all guys came and controlled your own fucking life, y'all, and you guys listening to somebody else.
You know, and I didn't really, I said I was happy to be there with her.
And I really feel like that's what's really important.
So you don't need to be in control with me.
And I won't really do that, I won't really go in there, and I'm not going to sit back here and be patient.
I'm going to start retaliating in my own way where you can't necessarily, you know, fight back with me.
So you'll have to, so I'll condition you, like a fucking dog, and get you to do what I want you to do for me,
rather than being the other way around.
You know, I don't really know what she's actually doing.
I don't think she's actually studying for no freaking exam.
She's just saying anything.
And to me, it's just like, you're not making me feel like, I don't give a fuck what the hell you go ahead and do it.
I just have a question for myself, and I can't ask, you know.
I can't say it as you like, what are you doing with your life, and why everything's like acting all weird.
I got to go ahead and secretly, you know, stack up the things I'm trying to say, and put things in a particular manner
that allows me to obtain the formalities that I'm actually looking for.
But, you know, that trip was a great trip when we went to Toronto.
Because that was like the second time we went to Toronto within like a year.
And it felt just like great, and I could just see like what it was for what it was, you know.
And, and I wanted to go ahead and to build a, you know, a relationship with you.
Because you was already arguing about the whole fact that I was at, I wasn't, you know, something about me talking to Z, I wasn't talking to Z.
And, you know, as it will come, you know, because she said, oh, you're going to go out there, and then you'll, you know, meet up with them like, that's not what I'm doing.
This is like, I'm trying to like do this thing, and it's not working. Everybody has their ideas. I said, fine, come, you know.
So she went out, I went out there one day, and then she came out there the next day.
And then the whole issue with Trump's did something where they kind of blocked people from being able to leave.
They had like certain type of visas. We didn't get delayed. We just got, it just got delayed.
But we was able to come back, you know.
And it was just a really issue. Like people was like trying to make like, oh, that's what it was.
Like, how can you possibly have all that? And, you know, if it wasn't doing turn, it's just like, it was really stupid.
It's like, you believe you're a boss. You believe them.
You let them tell you whatever you ever goes on your mind. You don't care about that.
You don't care about what is going on with the real you're actually about.
You actually believe things that everything has to be very, very difficult.
You believe that things like, you know, the manipulation between me and them, you make it like that's what that is.
You don't want to pay attention to the fact that, you know, like life isn't always that, you know, clean cut.
And I, you know, quite frankly, don't like the idea behind, you know, being with that.
Because it felt like it was like manipulation or mind, just mind confusion.
It was, I really didn't like it.
I was always hoping that I would, you know, be capable of having a relationship that would lead us to like, you know,
that, you know, doing that. You would do a good job and you would get hired, you know.
But it felt like what they wanted me to do was like, they wanted me to throw away everything.
And then they would give me something. And it's just like, I'm not doing that, you know.
It's like I don't really don't give a shit. We'll sit back here for 20 years, 40 years, 60 years, you know.
I'll sit over here and I'll talk about this whole thing in a, in a, in a 10-part series of my parents fucking, you know,
grapes. I don't give a fuck. Because the idea about it is just like none of that shit really matters.
If nothing, if people sit back and they say that nothing matters, it to me is like shit, then nothing matters.
Do you don't matter? You know.
They want to make it look like, you know, you're doing something you can't possibly tell me that.
I'm not going to sit back here with a whole bunch of money and get about, oh, this fucking shit doesn't really doesn't matter.
Because you're trying to like throw away all that shit.
I said like, I said, no, what's the person did was that they put themselves on the other side. I said that that's good.
I don't want to be on that side ever.
Okay.
Yeah.
And, you know, I don't know how else to really address the problems because, you know, quite frankly, you know,
when we was on, when we was on that trip to, um,
when we was on that trip, when we were, um, going to, um, I think that we was out there one more day.
And it was, we didn't have anything to do. We sat back. We did the, um, what do you call it again?
We sat back there and we did the, uh, the, um, I sat back. We watched Resident Evil.
No, we were playing Resident Evil. I brought my play station, play it before me.
And we, we played Resident Evil and we played the game. We just sitting there just relaxing. It was just like really great.
And I just really felt that, you know, this is the, you know, the types of like things in my life that I really feel that, um, are exciting, you know,
because of the fact that the, um, you know, people just don't get a chance to see what you, like life doesn't always come at you the way you want to come.
You know, and, you know, there's nothing about, and like, I feel like most people are struggling with money and trying to get their lives together.
There's just no way to go ahead and take care of that stuff.
People sit back here and they talk about that to do it one day and get something done.
But they struggle their entire lives, their entire fucking life, struggling and trying to go ahead and gain some sort of like, you know, up, up, curve.
And they'll never fucking get it. They'll just keep doing it.
And I don't have time as a, you know, as a human being, I want to do that.
I'd rather spend time, you know, just growing and enjoying life and try and just build the world that I want with the people who are around me.
Not, you know, quietly sit back and get mad at people because things aren't going the way I want them to go.
You know, this is too much of it.
You know, so going back home at that trip, though, I remember that the plane was, like, really small.
It was loud and wrinkly. It was kind of waving. It felt kinda like sick.
And the thing about it was just like, you know, it's just silly to me.
You know, I didn't really care too much about it.
And I just don't really have a problem, you know, dealing with all this fucking nonsense.
But I don't really don't care too much.
I don't like it because I feel like it doesn't...
I could put you guys in a frequency box and you guys could just play around it.
And when you're ready to, like, grow out of it, you'll get the idea and you'll figure out what we need to do.
But, you know, yeah, that's how it is.
