The relationship, our relationship, was for the opportunities to have the connection we
had, building the things we were doing together.
Being able to hang out with her, and be with her, and do these things that are so amazing,
you know, I just knew that, I know that myself, I have all these wants and needs and desires
and stuff, but I don't like the fact that I get penalized or ridiculed by other people
for it, and when I was meeting, when I was meeting, it was devastating, yes, the opportunity
to have a steady sexual executions or sexual sessions is great, you know, I'm being able
to go out and do things together is also great, but I don't think I'm in a situation where
I wanted to change any of the decisions I actually made, you know, that's not at all
what I wanted, and I just feel that the overall opportunity to do things in our society really
comes down to, you know, the choices that we make, you know, with the people that we spend
time with, and I spend time with you, I enjoyed it, you know, I don't know what it was, but
I just really enjoyed it, and I knew that, you know, not being with Z was probably going
to be a problem, but it wasn't, like, you know, and I think that she was upset about
that too, maybe she, I don't know, maybe she thought that me, that I would probably
deal with date me for a while and then somebody would go ahead and would take her, take me
away from her, and then she can go and do what she wanted to go and do, and I don't
know how to really, you know, I try not to think about it like that too much because
it's kind of difficult to believe that somebody spent all that time with you just because they
didn't have anything to do, you know, or they were trying to get you away from that person,
you know, the thing about it is I don't think money would ever fucking get me into that situation,
you know, if women want to go back to a world where, you know, the reason why you're talking
to them is because, you know, you get to have sex and that's it, that's what we find,
but like to go ahead and to make my money on my own and then somehow have her, that's
what she probably thought I was looking to do, that I was going to get married to her
and I can do all these different things, I mean, I don't have to, I don't need to go
meet you, you know, what I'm trying to say, like if I was going to go do something like
that, then you would go out with somebody who is much more steady that wants to be in a
relationship, you know, like that's the whole fucking thing, like I would have basically
talked with fucking Chiharu, you know, because she would have been from another country,
she's just not really paying attention to all the things that's going on and, you know,
but that's, that's not just have a person I would want to spend all my time around,
you know, I wouldn't go ahead and go on a date, I thought a date is, I live in with
somebody who I didn't like, you know, I didn't enjoy being around, talking to Chiharu was
not, not fun, you know, that whole idea about, you know, to me, I felt like if I would
go ahead and I would, I would rather be with a girl who's been through a lot, anyone talk
to some perfect swan, because they can't, they can't do anything for you, well, they
can't do much for you, your problems, they won't, they won't even understand them, you
know, and that was the whole thing about being with Jamie that she kind of like, she still
doesn't understand everything, but she's known a lot of things that's going on and it helps
her to understand what's going on too, and that's this whole thing, you know, me and
her both can live in the same world rather than, you know, being with somebody and we
have two totally different worlds, like our worlds can't be equally the same, but you
should know what I want from you, you know, and what I, and what you want, and I should
know what you want from me, and I should be able to go ahead and address how I feel in
a way that promotes, you know, growth in our relationship, now there was a lot of things
that was going on where, that was acting weird back in the day, like, you know, certain
people were, you would talk to certain people and then they would act like they already
know what, who you were, who you were about or what you were doing or stuff like that,
and ever since then, the things were always kind of weird, but like, you know, everybody
could make it look like, oh, I was going to run away, I'm not running away, because to
me, running away, it's something that you would want, you telling me that I'm supposed
to go ahead and say, no, we're going to just sit here and just going to let this whole
thing fail, because like I told you before, like, I don't give a fuck about, you know,
the money and the part and stuff like that, all you're going to do is you're going to
just, it's just going to have this fucking problem for your entire life, and I'll move
and do things that I fucking, as I see, please, I don't give a fuck on trying to do
anything. That doesn't, you know, that doesn't, you know, observe me, you know, and that's
just how I feel about it. You know, so, when it comes down to talking with Jamie, I wanted
to, I want to try to be that guy that she would like, and I really feel like it just
takes work. I had to change a lot about myself, you know, talking to these different girls
on the street and stuff like that wasn't really worth it, because most of them wanted
to just, everybody kind of like wanted to look at me and kind of can figure out what
they knew what I wanted and try to like not give me what I want or to deflect it in some
other way. And as I didn't want to do that, and that's kind of like why I want to write
this book, because this book is going to address being in, being in a relationship for
all these years and then being able to see that, you know, things aren't always, you
know, things weren't always great, but it wasn't always bad either, you know, and I felt like
that was like any relationship, you know. Most of these freaking people who I'm dating, they
or people who I know who are dating, they pretend in their relationship that things
are going right and like things and like they're doing better than you because they live over
here or because they make this amount of money or because they have this. And I'm just
like none of that shit fucking matters, you know. I said to me a good relationship is when
I can lay down somewhere and watch a show and, you know, and play around with your thigh
and leg and we can get roused and have sex and then pass out and wake up and, you know,
just be happy to be in each other's space. You know, that's what I really like. Being able
to be happy to be in each other's space. So it's just like how I'm looking at it, you
know. I really think that, you know, relationships are not taken seriously these days because
of the fact that, you know, most people get into relationships for safety, you know, comfort
or some sort of consistency. You know, that consistency of having somebody around you
all the time, it's great. But to me, I don't feel like it depends on how I don't care
what other people think. I'd rather be around people who want to be in a relationship that
makes them feel good about who they are, you know. You work hard to try to like, you
know, be that person that they need in their life, you know. And I think that's kind of
like what I really want. Right now I feel like the world or these social media is trying
so hard to try to tell people about being lonely or being by yourself is like, that's
the way it is and how strong you are for doing that. And I don't get a fuck but that's going
on. The people who are talking like that are the ones that are like, usually they have
like, they usually are at home. They have their whole family around them. They have food and
their food and their money. They know, they know what their friends are and they keep
that going on. And those people, I don't want to give any more energy to. Like so I won't
help those people at all. I won't even talk to them. You know, I really want people who
have actually been through a lot. Like I've been through a lot and knows that life, you
know, is a blessing and you can have whatever you want, you know, being that way. But the
idea of like wanting to, but the idea of wanting to be in a relationship that leads
only to what you call, that only leads to the monotonous, the monotony, you know, that goes
on in relationships, then there's no, there's no reason to be in a relationship that, in
my opinion, just why, why be in a relationship with somebody if they're not going to really
be happy, you know, to be in a relationship with them, you know. And that's what I wanted
to go ahead and to argue about with, with Jamie, with Jamie, is that, you know, we had
some problems where, you know, she was always trying to see, like, try to find something
and discover that, oh, you were, you're not really looking to be with me, you know, look
at you talking to this girl, look at you trying to talk to that girl. I was like, I said that
you, I just met you. You want me to sit back here and throw away everything to be with,
to be with you, to prove that that's how you know you want to be with me. And then as
a, you don't want that, that's not what you're looking for. Nobody has that. Your mom doesn't
have that, you know, and that was one of the problems that I actually had with the relationship
back then was that, you know, her mom, she said that her mom met some guy. And she was
actually talking on the phone and she liked what she was talking to. But then she said
that she finally got to the, the airport. And she saw that he had like a limp or he was
like, disabled in a way, she just like walked away from it. And that's kind of like, it's
kind of wrong that he, he didn't say anything. But then I don't know, I'm a little bit, I
don't know the fact that that she's that she said that they didn't even talk that she just
like walked away from him. I don't know if she that he deserved that, you know, if anything,
she could have just like, she could just continue talking to him, but just never went any further
with that. You know, but that's just me when I would, that's what I would say is not necessarily
what I believe everybody should do. You know, because I don't know, just getting to the
airport and doing as it's kind of weird. So I, so I realized that that was what it was.
You know, and, and I don't know how else to really, to really, I don't know how else to
really, you know, connect it together, but that's how I really feel. I really feel like I, you
know, when I, when I told to, I knew that she was going to be kind of rough and violent,
but the, the, the passionate, you know, loving side of her was just as strong, you know, and
it just felt really good trying to make it work. Just the whole thought of like, you
know, really putting each other into each other's soul. Like it was, I just love that, you know,
and she was, will always want to try to break down the, the relationship, you know, or if
I stopped, if he stops having, if you stop, you know, you know, you know, marijuana, then
he probably wouldn't want me as much. Or if he, if he stopped talking to his people, he
probably wouldn't have more me. Or if you get rid of his house, right, wouldn't basically
want me. Or if he doesn't say that, no, no, no, that's, that's like, that's not how I
fully feel. I said that when I meet a woman, I pay attention to me not having anything
at all. And like, do I still want to be with this woman? Yes or no? That's who I want to
to be with. You know, it's never been about money because I've been around enough people
in my life have enough friends, family, and, and, and even like people in, in, in celebrities
and stuff like that, that that's not where the happiness comes in. Happiness doesn't come
in by, you know, by making sure you have a whole bunch of money. You know, they might, they
might come a time where you will be tried and need to have money, even Elon Musk had a,
even Elon Musk had a, he had a, a situation where he was like losing lots of money. And,
because he was losing, he was losing lots of money, you know, he was going to lose like
his whole business. And at the last minute, he was able to kind of, you know,
he was kind of been able to, to overcome a lot of the problems that he had because of
the fact that he was, because he was able to, I don't know, look at the future differently
than most people. And I just, you know, I really thought that was a great thing to, to really,
say, you know, like, because it's, it shows that, it shows that the world can be, it shows
that the world can be cruel to every, anybody and that you can still find peace in that. So,
you know, that's best. I'm going to end that 15 minutes. I wasn't supposed to go that long, but yeah.
