Chapter 5 | My Visit to Japan 2022

So I went to Japan during the year of 2022 because of the fact that I actually wanted to, 
I guess, just figure out what was going on in Japan. I had some friends and they were, 
they lived in a part of Japan on an island called Shikoku in Kochi. That's the name of the city.

And I spent a lot of time visiting there with them for a while, but when the pandemic happened, 
one of my friends who owned a very popular video game store, he passed away.
And with him passing away, it caused a lot of confusion for me because it was just, 
it happened so weird. It happened like, it happened last year, actually, in 2022.
I think on the 25th we found out that I got a call or a text, but 
just one of my friends saying that he passed away. They were sick, but he didn't tell anybody. 
And during that time, I was still going through the differences between the eviction issue, 
my car being stolen, having me fixed. And I just decided just to go because I was like, 
let me just see what's going on there. And I got in the car and I got a ticket. I actually, I was able 
to get a ticket for about $700, $800 thing, $800 to go to Japan. And when I went there, 
I was able to stay with them, with Hakana Sun's family. And it was great. So the issue that was going 
on was that he, his remains was actually at the actual area. And he was spending a lot of time in that area too. I guess he was sick apparently with some sort of like chemo or something where he had a stomach cancer.
I didn't see Hakana Sun at all. I think the last time I actually saw him was in 2019. 

He was fine in 2019. Me and Jamie went out there to meet him. So it was just like 
very frustrating to see him gone so quickly and so suddenly. Especially when he had this idea 
about, you know, starting a business in America, his daughter got married to a Japanese guy 
who was going to help pass on the business and they were doing it in Los Angeles. But during 
the pandemic, they had to shut down the store because of it was getting too dangerous and they 
were distressed out about the whole thing. So they tried to continue doing some business in Japan,
but they wasn't really doing too much. According to Hakana Sun's wife, Miho-san, she said she didn't
want to continue the business. She was just going to let it go and let other people deal with it.
You know, the people from the corporation and stuff like that because it was a big company.
The family wasn't going to work on it anymore and they wanted to do something else.


So I spent the time out there because I wanted to just like, I guess like just look at the world 
differently than I was in America because going on in New York, things were just 
acting weird during the pandemic. Like, you know, people getting on the train and just being 
really weird or not able to get in contact with people that I needed to talk to for, I know,
getting support about the core hearings or the convictions or paying too much money for a different day.


It was just very, very frustrating. And at the end of all that, I was sitting at, you know, in the house and me moving.
Like, you know what? I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go to, I'm going to go to, I'm going to head out, 
I'm going to go to Japan to see what's up. And I was happy for that, you know, because it gave me an 
opportunity to ask, I was the first time I was able to be in Japan for like a long period of time.
I was in Japan for like three months. And that's when my goal, the eviction thing was actually going 
down because I didn't even know. Because I knew at the time I couldn't get evicted legally because of 
the whole situation and like the courts were still like up in the air about things about  
whether they were going to evict me or not. But they had a judgment where the landlord was given an 
opportunity to get money but I didn't have any money.So she, she decided to go ahead and to try to 
do this whole thing while I was in the house. And I didn't have any support about getting people that go 
in the house to help me or anything. I was just left for, you know, in the dark with that.
So while I'm in Japan, I didn't find out I think until January that they was going to have like a eviction and she was locked,
me out of the house, you know. And it was just terrible to kind of see that.
But while I was in Japan, I, you know, I rode around, I did a little bike.
So I was able to ride around with the bike and continue doing the, you know, because the city wasn't
that big as you can get around pretty quickly. So just, you know, buying food from the store, riding 
out to the store to go get something from the store with some of my friends who had a little restaurant.
I also went to, what do you call it again? I went to, I went to the, what do you call it again, the festival in the city.
I forget the, in Tokyo, shit.
Yeah, COMIKET or the comic market. I went to comiket.
And, yeah. And going to comic cat was seriously like exciting because it was, it was actually a time I went.
It was pretty cold, but I was able to kind of like visit and, and what I really give myself a place to say
and I was able to even get some money from, you know, Jamie to get me to go out there.
What was the, the important thing about the astral trip was just to kind of like, I know people are like,
I wasn't supposed to be doing anything. I don't manage stuff for my money, but it very well.
But I was like, yeah, you know, I'm going to take advantage of this because I knew that, you know, you
didn't know if I was going to go back there again. You know, but while I was there, there was also weird things going on.
Like, you know, it seemed that like all of my friends who I like, who I met out in, in Japan. 
And they were like, just, they're doing something with me as if it wasn't like they were doing 
it because they actually were doing it, just to pretend that they were doing it.
And trying to, and I guess trying to keep me in some sort of like, you know, illusion that like, 
I believe that this was actually going on, but they knew it wasn't really going on. And I didn't care, you know, quite honestly, 
you know, I wasn't going to go ahead and deal with the problems mainly because of the fact that, 
you know, money-wise, it wasn't going to be worth it. So that's kind of like what I was actually, 
that's one of the things that about going there was fine because I always wanted to be able to kind of like be in Japan for a long period of time.
But, you know, because of work and trying to find the money and people to kind of hang out with, it was very difficult to kind of do that.
But because of this, this very special situation with the fact that Hakana is on passing way and me whole being there and how, I was able to kind of play around with this, which was great.
And I definitely think was a great idea. I have some pictures and video that I can probably share, you know, that will share some of the things that are going on.
But, yeah, you know, being in Japan was a great opportunity to kind of just relax.

I was kind of, it was a little nerve wracking because of the fact that I wanted to go to, 
I wanted to go back earlier, but I didn't have the money to go back.
And my parents was like just playing around, you know, with the time and the money 
and not giving it to me at the right time and just nonsense that was going on.
And I didn't really like that personally because I felt like it was kind of 
like, you know, disrespectful on my end. Because they were making like, oh, why aren't you doing,
why aren't you doing, like why are you going out there?
You don't have the money to go out there.


It's just like, you know, it's just like, well, it's like, for me, I was like, 
why would you go have children if you didn't have the money to have the children?
Like the same thing, you know what I'm trying to say. That's kind of like things
 I look at. It's like, it's not really anything different.
And the thing about it's like, I didn't have the money to go out there. I could have came back.
But I knew that if I, that you would have to help me because of the fact that if I didn't, 
I would have to go get help someplace else.
And that would ruin your situation. And that's the reason why I kind of went out there and did that.
Because it was, it was just like, you know, everybody's sitting back here and trying 
to see what I'm going to do by leaving everything up in the air.
And I'm just like, well, it's never going to be what you fucking wanted to basically be. 
It's always going to be what I wanted to go ahead and be.
Because what it is, it's just like, if you're in a situation, how would you go about doing this? I don't care.
You're not going to ever really know what I'm doing. And I, and I don't, and I think that's what it was.
And I, and I didn't really like that because I really feel like it was just like all that 
for money. It doesn't really, doesn't really make sense.
And, you know, that's just it.
And, you know, so, looking at that in the future, you know, there was opportunities to,
 I visited people and went out and did things, which was great.
But I didn't spend too much time.

I like to continue discussing the travels to Japan and how I was able to overcome the, I guess,
the mental frustration of how I was going to do certain things with my job and stuff like that.
And with Japan, I decided to go ahead and to spend most of my time trying to organize.
I could, just like a mental palace of like a sort of speak of like what was going on with me,
what was going on in Japan, and how the simulation basically affected me. And it was kind of like difficult,
because to me personally, I didn't really like the fact
that I would actually be manipulated, you know, for example, in doing some of the things that I was doing.
You know, like go in Japan, there would have been something I wanted to do,
but then like somebody turned my Japanese like, my Japanese trips and stuff into like this evil thing,
you know, to obtain something. And quite frankly, I didn't really like that, you know,
because it's not really the way I wanted to go ahead and do things. You know, I wanted to go ahead
and you would work towards something, because when I was looking at the world,
not the way that the world was actually being handled.

You know, if that was the basic in the hands, I don't necessarily need to talk to these people.
Okay, if I come to you, and this is who you say you are and these things happen, and that doesn't happen,
then just don't need to talk to anybody around me to get that identity. You know, like there's no,
you know, like an orphan could be born and not have their parents.
And then any parent, anybody can come in and take the parents
and take that role of father or mother or a brother or sister.
And that child will still turn out okay,
because they don't necessarily need to have that,
particularly from their biological parents.
And that's kind of like where I was getting at, the situation.

I felt as a, you know, as a man, that was actually going ahead and doing the,
and you know, and trying to get through. I was always trying to do things in a way
where I felt was best for me, not for anybody else. You know, that's kind of like how I was looking at it.
Um, the overall idea of working as a, um, as working with Hakata-San, and the Japan chip was actually an idea
I did have, but I didn't see, I always felt like I had to do something else.
Like I had to come to Japan and get married or something, and that would be the way to do it.
I never really liked it that path, because that path wasn't the path that I wanted to do.
You know, it was going to be like, you know, me getting married to be where I wasn't going to be the idea.
And, um, and the girls that I was like being given wasn't necessarily the ones that I, you know,
were thinking about at all. You know, it looked like sometimes the ways
that they would try to get my attention was just too hard.
Like it was just going too, too much.

You know, do this, do this, do this, and you'll get these things.
And it's like, I didn't want to do that. You know, I didn't know, 
I actually didn't really know Hakata Sun really, you know, and I don't 
really want to live like that in secret. I don't want to live in the secret.
I'd rather live in the public eye where the world sees you
and can see the problems that you're going through and can make the decision

on whether or not how they should handle you or not. That's basically a 
better position to be in. And I really would want to be with somebody else
that actually feels like that as well, because the overall understanding
of whether or not the person is right for you, you don't really know.
But the world should be able to see that, you know, like take the movie 
Truman Show where Truman was born into a world where he was basically a, 
he was on a show where everybody knew he was on a show. But he didn't know.

But eventually he was able to pattern, you know, because he's a human being,
he has, you know, one of the best pattern recognition, you know, functions
of all life on this planet. You could see the certain things wasn't right.
It didn't make sense, you know. And that's the thing for me, you know, me 
wanting to go ahead and be, you know, want to work as a developer or a Facebook
or something like that. I should be able to get that. But apparently that's not what was going on.

What was going on in my world was that people were trying to make it like,
oh, you couldn't do all these things and you put the gold in something.
I was like, that will never happen with me. I said that none of you guys,
because like, you can't tell me I can do more than what you have already done.
You know, and that's how it was. My parents couldn't like have a good marriage, for example.
They continued to find and argue all their life, but then in the end,
they were trying to tell me who was right for me to get married.

You don't even know what was right for you. And that's the aggravation I actually had.
And going to Japan, I was able to talk to people who were not from my area of my background.
You know, they didn't speak English. They all had their own ideas of what they wanted.
And I liked that. And being able to speak Japanese and talk to them in English back and forth,
they couldn't, they wasn't able to read me the way they can normally read somebody.
And I liked that. And some people may look at that as like a frustrating,

but it was actually great for me because, um, life isn't really always so straightforward, you know,
when it comes down to living your life and putting together what you want to do
and how you want to do it. But I always, my life, I always wanted to make sure that I was like enjoying it.
And I think that these last 15, 20 years I've enjoyed my life, you know,
you know, traveling, going to work, you know, being able to overcome a lot of the problems
with like money and making things work. I like that.

But, um, apparently that doesn't really happen for everybody. So, so with that being said,
I'm going to end this little chapter here, you know, about going to Japan,
you know, coming back home, I ended up going ahead and getting some,
I got a son left some stuff for me, some games and stuff that I can go ahead and pick up.
And I was going to, you know, use that to start like a business out here.

And, um, it's been really great, you know, being able to like put those things together.
And there isn't much going on about, um, what to actually sell or what not to sell.
And the way we're able to put those things together.
But, you know, in my, in my opinion, the idea of like selling these online is still a very possible thing.
It's just that not being able to do it in a way that allows the world to see you as who you say you're supposed to be.
And, um, if that makes sense to anyone, um, basically, you know, I feel like the world tries to tell you what you're supposed to be.

And then you fight back to get to tell them what you're going to basically be.
And, you know, even though there are certain things that you can't change,
but there are certain things that you can change.
And that's kind of like how this made me go into Japan was like one of those reasons.
Like, you know, I was with originally going to Japan was always about going to Japan to just to visit
and probably kind of figure out why was it so hard for me to like get a job in Japan as a Japanese, uh,
English, uh, well, English teachers, we teach in Japanese people's English.
And it was very difficult. You know, I would always apply and then wouldn't get it.

And I realized that, you know, that things don't really work out that way for everybody.
And, um, when I went ahead and went out there, I noticed that that was the issue.
So, so with that being said, um, you know, I'll end that right now.
And, uh, and hopefully I can put this together in a summary that could explain why I went to Japan.
And, uh, coming back was, was exciting too.
It was, it wasn't coming back when I, you know, the next chapter I'll talk about is coming back.
To the, the problem that I actually came through about, you know, my being kicked out of the house and being locked out of the house actually and not being able to do anything that I want to do when I had the plan in Japan.
