Chapter 5 | My Visit to Japan 2022

So I went to Japan during the year of 2022 because of the fact that I actually wanted to, 
I guess, just figure out what was going on in Japan. I had some friends and they were, 
they lived in a part of Japan on an island called Shikoku in Kochi. That's the name of the city.

And I spent a lot of time visiting there with them for a while, but when the pandemic happened, 
one of my friends who owned a very popular video game store, he passed away.
And with him passing away, it caused a lot of confusion for me because it was just, 
it happened so weird. It happened like, it happened last year, actually, in 2022.
I think on the 25th we found out that I got a call or a text, but 
just one of my friends saying that he passed away. They were sick, but he didn't tell anybody. 
And during that time, I was still going through the differences between the eviction issue, 
my car being stolen, having me fixed. And I just decided just to go because I was like, 
let me just see what's going on there. And I got in the car and I got a ticket. I actually, I was able 
to get a ticket for about $700, $800 thing, $800 to go to Japan. And when I went there, 
I was able to stay with them, with Hakana Sun's family. And it was great. So the issue that was going 
on was that he, his remains was actually at the actual area. And he was spending a lot of time in that area too. I guess he was sick apparently with some sort of like chemo or something where he had a stomach cancer.
I didn't see Hakana Sun at all. I think the last time I actually saw him was in 2019. 

He was fine in 2019. Me and Jamie went out there to meet him. So it was just like 
very frustrating to see him gone so quickly and so suddenly. Especially when he had this idea 
about, you know, starting a business in America, his daughter got married to a Japanese guy 
who was going to help pass on the business and they were doing it in Los Angeles. But during 
the pandemic, they had to shut down the store because of it was getting too dangerous and they 
were distressed out about the whole thing. So they tried to continue doing some business in Japan,
but they wasn't really doing too much. According to Hakana Sun's wife, Miho-san, she said she didn't
want to continue the business. She was just going to let it go and let other people deal with it.
You know, the people from the corporation and stuff like that because it was a big company.
The family wasn't going to work on it anymore and they wanted to do something else.


So I spent the time out there because I wanted to just like, I guess like just look at the world 
differently than I was in America because going on in New York, things were just 
acting weird during the pandemic. Like, you know, people getting on the train and just being 
really weird or not able to get in contact with people that I needed to talk to for, I know,
getting support about the core hearings or the convictions or paying too much money for a different day.


It was just very, very frustrating. And at the end of all that, I was sitting at, you know, in the house and me moving.
Like, you know what? I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go to, I'm going to go to, I'm going to head out, 
I'm going to go to Japan to see what's up. And I was happy for that, you know, because it gave me an 
opportunity to ask, I was the first time I was able to be in Japan for like a long period of time.
I was in Japan for like three months. And that's when my goal, the eviction thing was actually going 
down because I didn't even know. Because I knew at the time I couldn't get evicted legally because of 
the whole situation and like the courts were still like up in the air about things about  
whether they were going to evict me or not. But they had a judgment where the landlord was given an 
opportunity to get money but I didn't have any money.So she, she decided to go ahead and to try to 
do this whole thing while I was in the house. And I didn't have any support about getting people that go 
in the house to help me or anything. I was just left for, you know, in the dark with that.
So while I'm in Japan, I didn't find out I think until January that they was going to have like a eviction and she was locked,
me out of the house, you know. And it was just terrible to kind of see that.
But while I was in Japan, I, you know, I rode around, I did a little bike.
So I was able to ride around with the bike and continue doing the, you know, because the city wasn't
that big as you can get around pretty quickly. So just, you know, buying food from the store, riding 
out to the store to go get something from the store with some of my friends who had a little restaurant.
I also went to, what do you call it again? I went to, I went to the, what do you call it again, the festival in the city.
I forget the, in Tokyo, shit.
Yeah, COMIKET or the comic market. I went to comiket.
And, yeah. And going to comic cat was seriously like exciting because it was, it was actually a time I went.
It was pretty cold, but I was able to kind of like visit and, and what I really give myself a place to say
and I was able to even get some money from, you know, Jamie to get me to go out there.
What was the, the important thing about the astral trip was just to kind of like, I know people are like,
I wasn't supposed to be doing anything. I don't manage stuff for my money, but it very well.
But I was like, yeah, you know, I'm going to take advantage of this because I knew that, you know, you
didn't know if I was going to go back there again. You know, but while I was there, there was also weird things going on.
Like, you know, it seemed that like all of my friends who I like, who I met out in, in Japan. 
And they were like, just, they're doing something with me as if it wasn't like they were doing 
it because they actually were doing it, just to pretend that they were doing it.
And trying to, and I guess trying to keep me in some sort of like, you know, illusion that like, 
I believe that this was actually going on, but they knew it wasn't really going on. And I didn't care, you know, quite honestly, 
you know, I wasn't going to go ahead and deal with the problems mainly because of the fact that, 
you know, money-wise, it wasn't going to be worth it. So that's kind of like what I was actually, 
that's one of the things that about going there was fine because I always wanted to be able to kind of like be in Japan for a long period of time.
But, you know, because of work and trying to find the money and people to kind of hang out with, it was very difficult to kind of do that.
But because of this, this very special situation with the fact that Hakana is on passing way and me whole being there and how, I was able to kind of play around with this, which was great.
And I definitely think was a great idea. I have some pictures and video that I can probably share, you know, that will share some of the things that are going on.
But, yeah, you know, being in Japan was a great opportunity to kind of just relax.

I was kind of, it was a little nerve wracking because of the fact that I wanted to go to, 
I wanted to go back earlier, but I didn't have the money to go back.
And my parents was like just playing around, you know, with the time and the money 
and not giving it to me at the right time and just nonsense that was going on.
And I didn't really like that personally because I felt like it was kind of 
like, you know, disrespectful on my end. Because they were making like, oh, why aren't you doing,
why aren't you doing, like why are you going out there?
You don't have the money to go out there.


It's just like, you know, it's just like, well, it's like, for me, I was like, 
why would you go have children if you didn't have the money to have the children?
Like the same thing, you know what I'm trying to say. That's kind of like things
 I look at. It's like, it's not really anything different.
And the thing about it's like, I didn't have the money to go out there. I could have came back.
But I knew that if I, that you would have to help me because of the fact that if I didn't, 
I would have to go get help someplace else.
And that would ruin your situation. And that's the reason why I kind of went out there and did that.
Because it was, it was just like, you know, everybody's sitting back here and trying 
to see what I'm going to do by leaving everything up in the air.
And I'm just like, well, it's never going to be what you fucking wanted to basically be. 
It's always going to be what I wanted to go ahead and be.
Because what it is, it's just like, if you're in a situation, how would you go about doing this? I don't care.
You're not going to ever really know what I'm doing. And I, and I don't, and I think that's what it was.
And I, and I didn't really like that because I really feel like it was just like all that 
for money. It doesn't really, doesn't really make sense.
And, you know, that's just it.
And, you know, so, looking at that in the future, you know, there was opportunities to,
 I visited people and went out and did things, which was great.
But I didn't spend too much time.
