Chapter 5, Part 2, Japan, 2022, 2023.
I like to continue discussing the travels to Japan
and how I was able to overcome the, I guess,
the mental frustration of how I was going to do
certain things with my job and stuff like that.
And with Japan, I decided to go ahead
and to spend most of my time trying to organize.
I could, just like a mental palace of like a sort of speak
of like what was going on with me,
what was going on in Japan, and how the simulation basically
affected me. And it was kind of like difficult,
because to me personally, I didn't really like the fact
that I would actually be manipulated, you know,
for example, in doing some of the things that I was doing.
You know, like go in Japan,
there would have been something I wanted to do,
but then like somebody turned my Japanese like,
my Japanese trips and stuff into like this evil thing,
you know, to obtain something.
And quite frankly, I didn't really like that, you know,
because it's not really the way I wanted to go ahead
and do things. You know, I wanted to go ahead
and you would work towards something,
because when I was looking at the world,
not the way that the world was actually being handled.
You know, if that was the basic in the hands,
I don't necessarily need to talk to these people.
Okay, if I come to you, and this is who you say you are
and these things happen, and that doesn't happen,
then just don't need to talk to anybody around me
to get that identity. You know, like there's no,
you know, like an orphan could be born
and not have their parents.
And then any parent, anybody can come in and take the parents
and take that role of father or mother or a brother or sister.
And that child will still turn out okay,
because they don't necessarily need to have that,
particularly from their biological parents.
And that's kind of like where I was getting at,
the situation.
I felt as a, you know, as a man,
that was actually going ahead and doing the,
and you know, and trying to get through.
I was always trying to do things in a way
where I felt was best for me, not for anybody else.
You know, that's kind of like how I was looking at it.
Um, the overall idea of working as a, um,
as working with Hakata Sun, and the Japan chip was actually an idea
I did have, but I didn't see,
I always felt like I had to do something else.
Like I had to come to Japan and get married or something,
and that would be the way to do it.
I never really liked it that path,
because that path wasn't the path that I wanted to do.
You know, it was going to be like, you know,
me getting married to be where I wasn't going to be the idea.
And, um, and the girls that I was like being given
wasn't necessarily the ones that I, you know,
were thinking about at all.
You know, it looked like sometimes the ways
that they would try to get my attention was just too hard.
Like it was just going too, too much.
You know, do this, do this, do this, and you'll get these things.
And it's like, I didn't want to do that.
You know, I didn't know, I actually didn't really know Hakata Sun really,
you know, and I don't really want to live like that in secret.
I don't want to live in the secret.
I'd rather live in the public eye where the world sees you
and can see the problems that you're going through
and can make the decision on whether or not how they should handle you or not.
That's basically a better position to be in.
And I really would want to be with somebody else
that actually feels like that as well, because the overall understanding
of whether or not the person is right for you,
you don't really know.
But the world should be able to see that, you know,
like take the movie Truman Show where Truman was born into a world
where he was basically a, he was on a show where everybody knew he was on a show.
But he didn't know.
But eventually he was able to pattern, you know, because he's a human being,
he has, you know, one of the best pattern recognition, you know, functions of all life on this planet.
You could see the certain things wasn't right.
It didn't make sense, you know.
And that's the thing for me, you know, me wanting to go ahead and be, you know,
want to work as a developer or a Facebook or something like that.
I should be able to get that.
But apparently that's not what was going on.
What was going on in my world was that people were trying to make it like,
oh, you couldn't do all these things and you put the gold in something.
I was like, that will never happen with me.
I said that none of you guys, because like, you can't tell me I can do more
than what you have already done.
You know, and that's how it was.
My parents couldn't like have a good marriage, for example.
They continued to find and argue all their life, but then in the end,
they were trying to tell me who was right for me to get married.
You don't even know what was right for you.
And that's the aggravation I actually had.
And going to Japan, I was able to talk to people who were not from my area of my background.
You know, they didn't speak English.
They all had their own ideas of what they wanted.
And I liked that.
And being able to speak Japanese and talk to them in English back and forth,
they couldn't, they wasn't able to read me the way they can normally read somebody.
And I liked that.
And some people may look at that as like a frustrating,
but it was actually great for me because, um,
life isn't really always so straightforward, you know,
when it comes down to living your life and putting together what you want to do
and how you want to do it.
But I always, my life, I always wanted to make sure that I was like enjoying it.
And I think that these last 15, 20 years I've enjoyed my life, you know,
you know, traveling, going to work, you know, being able to overcome a lot of the problems
with like money and making things work.
I like that.
But, um, apparently that doesn't really happen for everybody.
So, so with that being said,
I'm going to end this little chapter here, you know, about going to Japan,
you know, coming back home, I ended up going ahead and getting some,
I got a son left some stuff for me, some games and stuff that I can go ahead and pick up.
And I was going to, you know, use that to start like a business out here.
And, um, it's been really great, you know, being able to like put those things together.
And there isn't much going on about, um,
what to actually sell or what not to sell.
And the way we're able to put those things together.
But, you know, in my, in my opinion, the idea of like selling these online is still a very possible thing.
It's just that not being able to do it in a way that allows the world to see you as who you say you're supposed to be.
And, um, if that makes sense to anyone, um, basically, you know, I feel like the world tries to tell you what you're supposed to be.
And then you fight back to get to tell them what you're going to basically be.
And, you know, even though there are certain things that you can't change,
but there are certain things that you can change.
And that's kind of like how this made me go into Japan was like one of those reasons.
Like, you know, I was with originally going to Japan was always about going to Japan to just to visit
and probably kind of figure out why was it so hard for me to like get a job in Japan as a Japanese, uh,
English, uh, well, English teachers, we teach in Japanese people's English.
And it was very difficult.
You know, I would always apply and then wouldn't get it.
And I realized that, you know, that things don't really work out that way for everybody.
And, um, when I went ahead and went out there, I noticed that that was the issue.
So, so with that being said, um, you know, I'll end that right now.
And, uh, and hopefully I can put this together in a summary that could explain why I went to Japan.
And, uh, coming back was, was exciting too.
It was, it wasn't coming back when I, you know, the next chapter I'll talk about is coming back.
To the, the problem that I actually came through about, you know, my being kicked out of the house and being locked out of the house actually and not being able to do anything that I want to do when I had the plan in Japan.
