How did the characters evolve?


How did me and Jamie evolve within our relationship story?
So, describe how the main characters, especially me and Jamie, evolved over the course of this story.
Highlight lessons learned in the challenges they overcome and how they grew as individuals.
One way to explain or express that would be at its core, this book is a testament to the power of connection, growth and perseverance.
Through our experiences, I hope to overcome and realize that relations are a dynamic interplay of emotions, challenges and shared moments that hopefully shape who we are.
I agree with that. I really agree that this is pretty much, oh wait, that's not there.
It's over the course of these pages I've witnessed the evolution of Jamie and me from the tentative beginning where we stumbled upon each other
to the transformative experiences that shaped us our growth and was just not a journey through them in time, but also through self-discovery.
So, self-discovery was the journey, I believe, and the evolution of my characters and Jamie's character.
My perspective, I believe that Jamie has trained, has went from being, you know, she was 24 years old and didn't really know herself and what she wanted and went through, you know, a 32-year-old, I think he's 33 now.
Yeah, 32. 32 years old. So, what happens is that, you know, I was usually like, one of the things I found that was very interesting was that she went from not having
birth control to going back on birth control to getting off birth control and then not using condoms or to using condoms altogether.
And I feel like because now she's looking at herself as her own self right now and it's very difficult to be in a relationship with her because she's
not doing the things that we used to do to kind of cause it to be a relationship. And then for some reason, it feels like she's saying that she's being herself or she's acting like me, but with me, if she was interested at all in doing the things I would want to do, she would continue to do it, you know.
But it must be fear about certain things or misunderstanding on what she actually wants from the relationship or from herself, I don't know.
I always felt that I would start a relationship with her, try to get myself together and then eventually get married and try to like, you know, have a child and have children and try to like live our lives together.
I believe that that's the quality and circle of life and I don't feel at all that there's a necessary need to not do any of those things.
I feel like also that there might be all kinds of evolved to the point where, you know, there's more things that we have to work on, you've got to work on yourself, wherever the case piece starts to say, you know, you have to work on yourself.
You know, I don't really like that because I feel like when people say that, it's like a cop out.
You know, because you're constantly working on yourself.
It's not about going away and working on yourself and then cutting back.
When if you go away, you work because of you ultimately change.
If you really want to stay with somebody, you have to constantly work on yourself on a regular basis, you know, because what happens is that you can literally work on your, you can go ahead and work on yourself and then become, you know, a totally different person.
And also disconnected from everyone else.
You know, like, I really feel like a lot of people, you know, and around this time, I feel like there's a necessary need for people who are trying to be in, they want to, you know, like you are you black or not or wherever the case may be.
And that holding on to like a skin color is a problem.
People are disconnected from what's actually we are.
You know, during the 2020 pandemic, you know, we all had the vaccine, the human vaccine for the, you know, coronavirus.
You know, there wasn't like an Asian vaccine or, you know, an Anglo-Saxon vaccine or African vaccine or a Spanish vaccine.
No, it was just anybody from any pulse of life who had a human DNA was able to take that vaccine.
And that usually, that usually comes from me.
I got, I feel like for me personally, I was, I distanced myself from certain people because I was educated.
So I had a different perspective about things.
I didn't complain about the reason why things are going a certain way is because of my own, because of black and white.
That's not the reason why things go a different way because we fall back on our primal thought patterns when things are not, when things are not easy to understand.
And that is what they were trying to focus on.
People want to fall back on your primal notions when things will work out, you know, as a dad.
But you have to understand something that is a slippery slope for the character of evolution.
Because if people find out that that's what it is, but they don't, they don't grow themselves, then they keep repeating the same thing with the other person.
You know, so, you know, at this point in my relationship with Jamie, I feel that we probably are, you know, at a virtual, you know, we probably would, you know, not be together much longer because of the fact that, you know, she's not really
looking to go ahead and to build anything together with me.
And, you know, whatever is the case, it makes things difficult for me because, like, you can't sit back and live in another world and then still have a relationship with that person.
It becomes very difficult and challenging, in my opinion, because you have to go ahead and look at yourself and say, is this what I want, you know.
And like, yes, I want, I want to be with her.
I enjoyed our routine, you know, out cycles that we actually had.
And some people say that they don't want to get stuck in life certain routines, but I don't want to listen to anybody else.
Yeah.
You know, I don't want to listen to anybody.
I don't like, for example, like, going back and talking to my family, I feel like my family is not the way they live their life.
Their patterns that removes people who I want to be around me around me.
And I'm not looking to just be around them.
You know, I was always, I don't, I always felt like there were certain things that we needed knowledge was one of the things I really felt was more.
