So, what does the reader view?
What does the reader take away from this story?
What should the reader take away from this story?
I believe that the reader should really pay attention to how I wrote this and why I wrote
this book.
Thanks to the power of AI and modern day technology, I was able to kind of put this
together effortlessly with just a little bit of insight.
And I think that because technology is so improved and so advanced, that we can start
doing this on a regular basis.
The reason why I believe that this is important is because now that we can create content, you
know, without too much effort, that we can actually create more content.
Maybe you should also go ahead and write your own book about your relationship.
Or you can compile all of your blog entries and turn them into a book.
Or if you're using a podcast, you can do them as well.
The idea behind these things is to ultimately build out a way for people to connect with
you or listen to you without having to worry too much about actually listening to you
at the time you speak.
For example, you know, if I would have wrote in these books with content that I was doing
every day since the beginning of a relationship, we would see a different data points of how
the structure of the book was rather than all at the end.
And this is what I think is important about relationships is that they're difficult.
People are difficult.
We both, everybody goes into a relationship for different reasons.
I talk a lot.
And people think, oh, you talk too much.
I think that honestly, you have to talk.
And I spend a lot more time talking to myself to get myself to hold myself accountable for
the things that I'm actually trying to solve in my life, listening to other people and what
they say and then trying to go ahead and make sure that I'm actually saying what I'm saying
I'm doing is important.
And a relationship that's no other, that's no, that's also a problem that you have to take
care of in a relationship.
My relationship with Jamie, I knew, you know, from having countless other relationships
that my desire to being in a relationship was going to be tough.
The initial first couple of months to the first year and a half, it's so exciting.
Everything is just so good.
And to me, Anci still feels that way with her.
This is thanks to technology, you know, the iPhone, having all the pictures and video
at the tip of my fingertips, you know, being able to watch the videos and listen to them
over and over again.
Also not having the, not having the opportunity, not having her in my life on a regular basis
was also great as well, you know.
I don't know if this is for everybody, but I do feel like, you know, relationships tend
to fall apart because of miscommunication, you know, my past relationships, they kind
of fell apart because of the fact and I think I'm going to go back and I'm going to break
down all my relationships as much information I absolutely will have.
So that way I can kind of like, you know, address some of the things that I was trying
to do, but I don't know how well I could do it.
I'm going to try, but I just know that, you know, my very, one of my, the longest, my first
long relationship was actually it broke down because of the fact that we were both going
in two different directions, even though we were looking to get married, but marriage was
like this thing that you do because this is the time to do it.
Not necessarily because we were actually ready to do it, you know.
I was currently going to school and graduating and wasn't, and got a job working at the
state because it was a good job, but it wasn't what I wanted to actually do.
I was always looking to go in technology and computers and programming and stuff like that,
game designers, stuff.
I was always interested in those things, but was never given the opportunity to get that.
I always kept getting more and more and more, you know, the opposite, and I would always
take those things and try to show how I can make those things work as I move forward,
but as it came along, the girl that I was with also tried to go ahead and to come together
and we didn't really see eye to eye because of the fact that I wanted to go to Japan,
and I was having difficulty going to Japan by myself, and I was looking to get married
and I needed a push to kind of see how marriage would actually help us, and I felt like the
best way to do it was for us to just go to get married and go to Japan and teach in Japan
for a year.
Of course, that was all what I wanted to do, that wasn't what she wanted to do.
She had a full-time job, she was happy with her life, and she didn't want to give it up.
Her idea was to pretty much stay working here.
She didn't really go ahead and spend time doing any futuristic thinking, except for the
fact that us just getting married was one of the things she wanted us to do.
So I could see her being married was actually an issue, but us getting married and what we
were going to do after we get married, that was like the problem, and that's the last thing
I actually remember from them, and then us breaking up was a very, very tough thing because
we kept coming back together and you know overnight and whatever, it was always something
like that, but I actually felt that the relationship was overall was pretty positive,
you know, and it could have worked if we would have, you know, just like broke down
and gave up some of our, you know, made a few sacrifices, but I was only 25 times.
And while I was with her, I was always thinking about going to Japan for a year, and I would
go to Japan and be in Japan, and then come back, it's always going to go to Japan and
come back, but you could say that my reason why I didn't get to teach Japan was the reason
why the relation broke up, perhaps, but I have to also clue in that I did not go to Japan
after breaking up with her and get married to some woman in Japan, because it wasn't really
about going to Japan and being married to Japan.
I think that everybody kind of thinks that that's what happens, and well, everybody who
I spoke to does that, but that's not what I was actually looking to do.
My idea was to go to Japan and to go to Japan and be able to build out some sort of I guess
bridge from here to the country, and I didn't think we had to do, I didn't have to get
married to do that, preferably because of the fact that my parents' relationship and
my other family that was around me, I didn't see a really good relationship at all, so
I didn't know how to make up my own, meaning I had to go ahead and write my own, make my
own model of what relationship that was about, what was a good relationship, or what was
an ideal relationship, you know.
So ever since that breakup, the next few relationships were not as intense, meaning they were great,
but they weren't like, when I breaking up, if I didn't feel like it was working, I would
break up, but this relationship with Jamie, I didn't get into it, I didn't get into
it just because of the fact that I wasn't happy with it, I got into it because of the fact that
she was very interested in me, she spent a lot of time talking with me, she was actually
growing and learning just as much as I was learning, and she was always hoping that if
we were going to be together, that I would be able to support her in a way where like
how most families are, where the man goes out to work and she can hold, I think that's
her level of meaning of a husband that can support the family, but that always became
a problem in my life, and I can go into that in another book about like maybe in my book
of my life about what new relationships it's all about, but I do feel that we are not necessarily,
you know, together for any of the wrong reasons, I feel happy and comfortable with her, and
I want to be with her, and I want us to kind of like work things out, I'm not really interested
in just like, gallivanting with like, different like, you know, relationships, but I do feel
that our relationship should be the foundation of what we ultimately would want in our lives,
meaning that we in her build a bond strong enough that withstands any problem that could
have happened in our lives, and that's kind of like where I'm going with my life and what
I think most people should go on with their life. There are relationships that people get
together because they can see that these two people are going to help the families together,
I don't like for example, some people look for arranged marriages, an arranged marriage,
you know, primarily, you know, the ones that I see on TV and hear from friends because I
don't really don't have one, I don't have any personal experience with arranged marriages,
but someone, a third party or your family members would get together and they try to find people
who they think is a good fit for you, but later on I hear that most of the time those
relationships don't usually go too well because they got together outside of themselves. So,
meaning that nobody, somebody else told them to get together and they kind of like just
make it work. I don't know how it is, I don't know how, I don't have enough data to kind
of say that well, there probably are relationships that have to last longer and they work well,
but for me, I always believe from watching TV and listening to people and just how I
hear how the world work when it comes down to like, you know, getting married, relationships,
dating and stuff like that, is that you're looking for somebody that you connect with
and you can only do that from you. You're just looking with inside yourself and understand
what you actually want, while the world tries to kind of like seep into your head how
they get you to do other things. So, that's kind of like where that is, you know, so as
a reader, you know, I, if you had a couple of relationships and work out, I do encourage
you to try to keep looking and one way you can do that is by writing some sort of story
that explains on what you've seen in your life and what you've actually accomplished
and what you actually want and kind of kind of like rebuild your own type of therapy because
I've never really been a big fan of sharing, you know, my life with someone that I don't
know and paying them to do that when, you know, you should have like, you could only
can help you and you should be able to self-care yourself, you know, give yourself your own
self-therapy in order to kind of build out the life that you want because it's not really
easy to do what is necessary in your relationships without you reflecting among yourself, you
know, and that's kind of like, well, I really looked at that personally. I feel like what
happens is that, you know, some people might feel that they believe they need to have it,
like maybe I went to therapy as a family, you know, when I was younger, it seemed to
be kind of okay but I feel like what happens is that with the way technology is right now
that I can express myself far better with this particular type of communication and I definitely
am going to go ahead and use this in the future and yeah, that's it. I think that it's
going to be great. I think we're going to be able to move forward with that and see
more opportunities that's going to flourish with this and hopefully we'll be able to see
more in the future. So thanks a lot for listening and I'll see you in the next book.
