What was the journey, conclusion, part two?
So the journey was basically trying to, you know, I think that the relationship is like
a journey between two people and based on how those two people communicate, it allows
them to kind of fulfill a better world for each other.
But apparently it appears that sometimes that doesn't always work and we end up with
miscommunication, fighting, arguing, breakup, and our relationship did lead to us getting
mad at each other and breaking up and not speaking to each other for a while.
But I feel like Jamie is not really a big fan of expressing herself.
I think Jamie doesn't like to think that, geez, I don't think Jamie likes to express
on what she's about and what she wants.
I think that it probably comes a lot from the cultural experiences, you know, and from
Chinese, you know, people from Guangzhou, Cantonese people, ultimately are not very open about
themselves to strangers.
And they're not really, they're not really talking to each other on a regular basis.
Her mother, for one example, doesn't really express too much of what she's talking about.
She kind of spent a lot of time trying to just spend money and buy shit that she doesn't
really need.
And then I have to, you know, try to find a way to drive the conversation where I can
get some value out of it without needing it to an argument.
And I think that's what happens.
I mean, right now, I'm just like not in the mood personally to kind of like talk at the
moment because, you know, she's not really talking and for whatever the reason it is,
you know, I used to like having a conversation on a regular basis, but we're not, us not
talking at all, it's frustrating.
And, you know, and I don't, but I don't know how long I would probably want to.
I don't see myself doing this for years or decades or anything like that.
I see this for, you know, a couple more days, you know, and then that'll basically
would be it, you know, I don't really want to fight, you know, with someone anymore, you
know, I feel like, you know, I feel like relationships are really great for me.
I think that they allow you join up with someone to experience life together.
You don't join up with someone because they have enough money that you don't have to worry
about what you're going to have to buy.
I think that's where women want to kind of are at right now, you know, and that's kind
of like where she's probably miscommunicating, is that she can't see where the money that
she actually has is going to be able to move forward as she likes to be able to know that,
you know, she can move forward.
We all like that.
But I realize that you don't ever get that.
In my experience, you know, he always happens to deal with like, you know, you start getting
a job and you quit, you know, but like there are systems and change the command and check
some balances and safety nets that helps you to not fall, you know, too hard.
You know, some people think, oh, you both have so much money that you don't, you know,
you get enough money all the time.
So when I look at the situation from that perspective, I'm more mature and more capable
of being alone or being with somebody that is very mature and or very immature that, you
know, you kind of fault them like they're like a child.
And I don't know.
I don't really don't like that idea, you know, but honestly, you know, because then you have
to kind of like, now you build their reality around them and that's not really what I kind
of want.
I don't, maybe I don't even, maybe I don't really know exactly what I want, you know.
Maybe that's what it is.
And maybe that what I actually want is something that it's probably not achievable either.
That's why I'm writing this book because this book will help not only me, but other people
kind of see that what I'm actually struggling with because I feel like, you know, you know,
on a daily basis, when you talk to anybody, everybody is just going to talk to you what's
on the top of their head.
They're not going to go deep and try to express on what they really feel what they truly want
because we always feel we have to have to protect that, you know, but I really feel deep down
inside.
We all want and desire the same type of things, whether it's exactly the same thing or generally
the same thing.
