How did the character develop? Part two.


So character development did, it was a lot of character development in this story.
You know, I feel like when the pandemic happened, that's when things started like changing.
You know, for example, I realized that, you know, there's like this subtle desire to try to like,
turn us into something else, you know, and make us into something that we wasn't.
And I don't care about, I didn't really care too much about what people said would happen.
I always felt like I would always be able to choose my own destiny, and I still believe that as well.
And I really think that with the evolution of my character,
I mean, I think things have grown stronger.
You know, I feel like right now, like, I am different for it, but I don't really feel like it's,
I'm not really happy with it. You know, like I'm really mad, honestly.
Mainly because a lot of the things that I'm experiencing right now that I already knew was going to happen,
like eventually, so it wasn't about, like, it wasn't that I was trying to do something and just realize that that's not what it was.
I really feel like what happened was, I spent a lot of time learning about myself
and then trying to explain that to other people and couldn't.
And then people want to make them like, oh, you know, you can't convey your information.
Like, you know, my parents, for example, they can't, they don't really talk at all, you know.
And I don't think it has anything to do about them explaining themselves.
Because they have to live in a society where they have to communicate to people.
You know, to pay their bills, to, to get a job, to, you know, to travel, you know, to even, you know,
that they do communicate with other people.
I think that what happens is that people are afraid of other people knowing about them
because they're afraid that people are going to manipulate that shit,
but they don't understand it has nothing really to do about what you do.
What you say, it's not just what you say, it's also how you act.
And you have to kind of pay attention to that.
You know, when people go ahead and they know that you like to go ahead and eat, you know,
McDonald's at a particular time, at a particular era.
And then you start eating them for a while.
And then it turns out that later on eventually that same restaurant starts, you know,
slipping up on the order, it gets delayed, it gets very crowded,
or the store closes down altogether.
Those are some of the issues that happens in IC&R and our society.
That, that kind of like show that, you know, everything is not always like the last forever, for example.
But that's necessary.
That doesn't mean that you stop and you don't do anything new.
You still do things.
You're just aware that that was happening.
You know, like we're aware that, you know, in which time in New York that we might see snow.
At least once or twice, if not more.
So you prepare for that.
You don't know if it's going to snow, but you might buy a shovel if they talk about snow, you know,
that we, or you might buy a shovel earlier.
If it's cheap enough and it's convenient, within your time frame, your budget.
You know, stuff like that is the way I'm trying to get at.
You know, and I don't necessarily know how to address that.
That's the sort of thing I feel important.
Right now I feel like there's this, this desire to tell people
who that nobody really does to anybody.
And when you can ask, you can take in information from yours in reality and move forward based
off of what is actually happening.
So if it's not snowing every single month, every year, every continues to snow, or snow
less and less and less, you would actually won't invest that much money in snow equipment
because of the fact that it keeps snowing less and less and less.
You might just make sure you have enough snow preparing for at least one snowstorm and
then every other month, every other year, if your predictions are correct, you can store
them over time but you don't have to go ahead and buy snow for like seven snow storms that
you don't even want to snow once.
If you get away with once or twice and you buy for seven snow storms and it doesn't snow
again, you just don't buy it from another seven snow storm for that matter and that's
the kind of thing that I've learned in my character, so I think that's it.
