All right. Another trip we had was in November of 2017.
I was East New York with your being being, we just got an air being needed and we spent
time in Tony's play, right?
That's where it was for my birthday, you know.
I think that you want to have you said something to me about being in a relationship.
I was trying to talk about all you can really get a frame that we wanted to kind of had
it also interested in doing the threesome, but you were trying to talk about doing the
threesome with them too or something like that.
I just didn't really understand what I'm really about.
And you know, I just didn't really understand it.
And I knew that, you know, at this point, you know, looking back at this whole thing,
I can see that there was just, there's a lot of things you were doing that just didn't
really add up, you know.
And I can understand that you wasn't really, you know, probably there, but I don't really
don't know.
You know, it's like soft.
I kind of, everything else we were doing was kind of like real, you know.
But I remember the eating out at the restaurant, we had, we went to some, we went to a street
restaurant, a CG restaurant, and we had some shows, some sort of seafood meal.
And then we spent the whole weekend in the house, and then we went out to buy food and
we just ate food.
We were just like, we were just playing around with each other and stuff.
And I did like, I just wanted to think I did like about our relationship was that you
were very interested in like having a fact.
I don't know.
Now I feel like you're a lot more afraid of it, but in the beginning, you were just
a wild about it, you know, it was just going, you know, really hard and, you know, the
morning and the flame and everything was just so wild and crazy for me.
And, you know, at the end of the day, you know, I just felt that, you know, you would,
you would be a little bit interested in doing things that was like that, you know, to this
day, but you kind of like slowed down and gotten kind of quiet and cold and I don't know, but
it's not really that way anymore, you know, and you know, it was because it affected my,
you know, economic, you know, financial situation is not as up the par as it was before, or maybe
because you were just, you know, working so much now that you don't have time to think
about it or you're trying to push me away, you know, because I don't know, somebody's
trying to make you believe that push that I should be, I should be away from you, you
know.
And I don't know, I don't like it, personally, I, you know, going, being at, like, that first
place in 20th place, that was a great time, you know, I was kind of like in a very, like,
aggravated slap because like, you know, I lost that opportunity.
And I think the opportunity, I was opposed to come to the place, you know, thinking about
that, this thing about the trip again, that was opposed to go back to the blue and hand
them my card.
And that would have probably would have been at the last minute, even like, oh, I just found
out we could do something, but I never came back.
And because I didn't even come back, they considered that it's like, you know, like, like
failure.
You didn't do that, you know, and, you know, quite honestly, I just, you know, just don't
know.
You know, no, I don't really don't care, I don't know what I'm going to feel, I should
have thought that.
You know, that's the idea by the thing that just really makes me angry.
And quite honestly, I don't really, I don't really care about trying to be that way.
Like me, in my, me, in nature, that's how I feel.
And that, you know, and to me, I really feel like, you know, there's a lot more to life
than just being in a relationship that will be nice or just, I think, I think it's about,
you know, how do I always think about like, how do people, what in relationships these days,
how can they, how are they happy with their lives, if they are not making that money,
you know.
I mean, like some of us, you know, we'll go ahead and we work our lives every single day.
We work every single day, every day, all the time.
We don't make that much money, you know, and then like, then we start getting mad at each
other because we can't get things done.
We can't buy things, you know.
And honestly, I really feel like, and then we start taking it out on each other, you know.
So I don't, so I really feel like that's the, that's the problem with our, our society
today.
It's like, we don't really pay attention to the fact that, you know, our lives aren't really
designed to become like, become rich, you know.
You know, I think I was rich because I was with you, you know, and I had that job that
I had to apply that for that, you know, but I wouldn't go ahead and give up, give you
up to go ahead and talk to anybody else, you know.
You know, I think that after a while, this is my whole mind, my whole mind sample, that's
not my life changing.
And when we were in that, you know, in that room and stuff like that, it's something that,
you know, I would want to find ways of us saying next, like, type of mindset.
Now, I don't know how your mind is at age at all, our relationship, or how you were
looking to feel, you know, but, you know, I always felt that, you know, that eventually
you'll make a little bit more money and you'll be able to kind of grow.
And hopefully, you can, you can make decisions with your money that you take chances and, you
know, hopefully would turn us into a better, a better individual because he would learn
from our mistakes, you know.
But I feel like these last few years, you know, we personally that the society has been just
been trying to, you know, make, make me believe or make people believe that there isn't anything
else that they are supposed to do, I guess, if you can't think of anything else and somebody
else knows better than you do.
And quite honestly, that's the expectation that we need to go to work, we can just sit
back and just, you know, let other people think for us.
But then again, we went into problems where, you know, people don't, you know, make the
right decisions.
And then they complain, they complain about not working out for them, you know, I mean,
you are arguing about things that you will, you're arguing with more about me thinking
about other girls and me always trying to do all this stuff.
And it's like, I mean, like, hey, you know, I think that it makes sense to try, you know.
I like being able to try doing that.
I mean, like, I think we all kind of like have fantasy.
Sometimes there are certain things about our lives that don't allow us to play into them.
And I think that that's the idea of a relationship in the next 20 years is that people should
be trying to find time to, you know, go into their fantasies.
Because I think that if you're able to satisfy your fantasies, you can live a life better.
You know, like, you know, I don't think that chasing money is actually the important thing.
I think that what's important is actually trying to chase, like, their dreams and not
ready to actually obtain them all.
I'm just being able to chase them, you know, and sometimes you don't get to even think about
them.
Because a lot of people remain in sleep and just live their lives every day.
And I'm not really about trying to, you know, just live just for the whole moment, you know.
And I think that that's my business whole thing, too, like, I want to start a business
that kind of allows people to kind of like obtain their fantasies, doing simple stuff.
You know, I think that when, you know, especially when parents get really old, they kind of just
throw away like this actual holiday, they throw away all that things and think that that's
not for them anymore.
And I think that that affects only something that we're supposed to do to, to, to procreate
how children that's it.
I said, if you need, if that was the whole case, then you have science and medicine right
now that you could just, you don't have to do a control thing about it.
We just just make fucking kids in a factory and we just walk on out, you know, and then
the kid would just learn how to take care of themselves.
You know, you just build out the world where they would, it would just learn how to take
care of themselves.
But then again, I don't know how that would have to be in a hole, but I do feel like, you
know, that's, that's like, you know, we're heading, you know, I, I kind of like the whole like
being in a relationship and, and trying to kind of like make it work, you know, if any
arguing through each other's things and ideas and stuff.
But I feel like right now, we're not able to do that, you know, I feel like right now
we're, we're just, we're just like trying to like just make ends meet, you know, we're
just so upset that, you know, thing that are not as going, not going as well as we want
them to go.
We would like for them to go a lot better and people would just prefer to, to have things,
you know, to have things, you know, going for them that's similar to like their family
and friends or what they see on TV, you know, so that's the whole thing I don't understand
about, you know, family and stuff like that.
And I'll trip.
It was really great.
I don't know why, but I just really like that.
You know, I don't know what it was, but whatever we were doing was making that work,
you know.
But I don't really feel that, I mean, I feel like something about it wasn't really there.
You know, like he was just immelating something, you know, and that was it.
The idea wasn't get me to get what I actually wanted and then to have like something horrible
happen.
And then I would like, you know, hate you for it and then destroy my own thing trying to
do that.
And then, and then she would end up having to have the thing to happen and I guess what
she would want to basically, you do, you know, like that's how it is, because I feel,
well, I feel like that relationship that, you know, like whenever you talk to anybody
is always going to be like problems, you know, like I just think that's how it is, like it's
not really about trying to not have problems.
And it's not about avoiding it, because everything has a bad end, like that's not how it is,
like you enjoy life, you try to make it work, you get to a point where if it doesn't work
out, you just, you know, part ways, but you have to both say it, you know.
Okay, some people just don't like having to deal with pain, like I do a pain on my life.
You know, the pain that, the work that was actually putting into my life may have not
have been, um, may have not have been the, the, um, enough, you know, it's just a problem
with my jobs constantly trying to find ways to mess with me and make me, make me feel
that, you know, I wasn't good enough or always trying to find ways to get rid of you by
doing nonsense and stuff like that, and thinking that it would just like make you,
you know, get upset.
And I just didn't like that, and, you know, after a while, you just saw it seeing like
the patterns in that.
Or I just keeps doing that, I keep saying that, you know, and, you know, I'm just not
really about trying to make my life, um, I want to make my life as comfortable as possibly
can so I can build on it, you know, I'd rather have growing pains instead of having
like pains where you don't know where pain's coming from, just people just having pain,
you know.
And, and that's my hours, you know, our relationship, that's a little spot where we were sitting
in the house in the Airbnb in 2020, I like that, you know, and I don't feel we had that.
I think the last, after the last video, I think the last week was last in New Hampshire,
when we were doing it in September, and I made the video, you wasn't really, you wasn't
really going at it at that time, you know.
I feel like you were just like giving up on it.
And at that point, you just, you know, that was it.
And like, maybe you didn't know something that I didn't fucking know, you know.
But like, I'm not going to sit back here and do like, you know, I'm not going to sit back
here and do like, you know, get mambical and try to destroy it by saying it's not.
See, you get, everybody sitting around here, you don't, you gotta go have any fucking clue.
You gotta ask the question, I'm thinking that somebody's doing something.
That's what really pisses me off about it, you know, as it doesn't really make the mean
while everybody else is so miserable, that is your life, you know.
You can, your life could be that way, or you can make your life great.
I'd say divis, but we don't pay attention to those things.
And that's something, that's one of the things about, you know, vacations that we were having
that was making our lives really great.
That trip, it was kind of like you would, you would do that like for me, like my birthday,
you know.
And I really enjoyed that.
And I was happy for those things, because I was able to kind of like not think about the
fact that like, I would have just blew, you know, just like stock, you know, and I really
can't go through that anymore.
And honestly, I didn't really like, as they're thinking about right now, like that whole trip
was like, you know, it's not really about trying to go ahead and doing things better,
you know.
I didn't mean like, oh, he's doing something wrong.
He's going the wrong way.
But I'll go the wrong way.
There's no, there's no such thing as a wrong way, it's just another way, you know.
That's what I want to say about that.
