Chapter 4 Eviction Threats and the Pandemic 
how our relationship was tried and tested during unforeseen times, chapter four. 
So according to the overall
logic that was going on during the pandemic, we had to be say sheltered in
place and we were going to find ways to keep inside the house a little while while the government didn't
go, you know, went into jambles. During this time it was very difficult for many people outside and
knew to contain themselves but I was not too upset because I knew that it was going to go ahead and
become something that was like, you know, a part of the time we were working with, you know, one of the
things that I didn't think was going to happen was that I was going to get so much time to, you know,
for money to actually, you know, pay for the things. For example, I was able to get unemployment for an
extensive amount and I think I got employment from 2020 all the way to September of 2021, you know, and
that was a very good thing, you know, so I didn't really feel the damages of the pandemic, you know,
early on and then it was also like the, you know, the stimulus checks that came in as well and I was
at home and we pretty much ordered food and just stay in the house.


Me and Jamie spent a lot of our time just, you know, watching TV and, you know, going out to eat
right now and then. The eviction didn't happen until October of 2020 where it was kind of like
unfortunate because that was the money I had, but that was going to use to pay for the rent. It
ended up going to the landlord and it was aggravating because I didn't know where I was going to go
with that money and, you know, the ordeal was just, you know, it's kind of aggravating because I wanted,
you know, stick around with her, you know, stick around with Jamie, but, you know, there was just
like too much going on and, yeah, you know, so I just decided to go ahead and just stay in the house
and during that time staying in the house, the landlord kind of got upset because we didn't move
away right away and I was at great because I was like, I didn't understand why I would move
away or that moving to and, you know, that was the overall, I guess, suggestion from her.


She actually wanted us to, she actually wanted us to, to, you know, come up. She wanted us to go ahead
and to, you know, to kind of like move right away and I guess fall back into what we thought she
would also do, you know, you would stay with your house. I would stay with my family or something
and I wasn't staying with them. That's not what I was looking to do, you know, and I didn't like
the fact that she even thought that I was going to stay with them, you know, staying with them for
what, what am I staying with them for, you know, and the fact that, and I just didn't really like
that and I looked like the world was just going in some other direction and I wasn't really a part of
it. You know, I was just basically sitting here and just, you know, dealing with it. So I just really,
you know, aggravated that, you know, I was already waiting by that and I just didn't really care,
you know, that much anymore because, you know, that, you know, at the time it looked like as if
that I was actually in control of my life and what I wanted to say and what I wanted to do,
but it looked at after a while, that wasn't the case.


But our relationship pretty stayed pretty strong. I remember that I went to go to the, to the actual
the Japanese Language Proficiency Exam in Pennsylvania, I think on the 21st of Decmeber, right? I think it was the 21st. So you were
in the 21st. So, and that was like a drive out there. I just really, you know, I fully felt that
you would, I don't know, there was always this thing where you were anticipating, you know,
something worse happening and, and I didn't understand it, you know, and I didn't really like the fact that,
you know, that I was looked at as less of a person or something and less of a person
as in, you know, like, you didn't believe that I could actually go do the thing that was looking
to get done and that was something that was really accurate because it looked like you must have
known a little bit more about what was going on than I did and at the end of the day, you know,
you know, me and, you know, right now it looks like, you know, me and you are like, you know,
at this time when you are basically broken up but you're not saying that because of the fact that
you're afraid of like what may happen in that situation, 

you know, and it's just, you know, it's just really accurate because it's just like,
um, what would be the, what is the point of all of that, what is the point of actually, you know,
of turning the person down and making the person feel it, you know, and, um, yeah,
and I just don't really pay attention to it so, but, you know, I'm beginning to piece together
something, some theories, I thought it was actually important and,
you know, quite frankly, uh, my, my idea is that, you know, that there was some other, you know,
agenda formed, there was some agenda for me and I was supposed to carry that out
and, and by me doing that was either you would get me to do it where like, I would see the opportunity
and I would just take it or I would take my ideas and I would, I would fail and then I would kind of like,
you know, would have, would kind of be like trained into being a dog or like always going,
whatever somebody else is saying and it just sounds like there's just no way in how that would
listen to anything else but myself, ever. Okay, not because of the fact that you want to tell
me that that's, that's somebody that's going to say that because of the fact that it's going to be what
I fucking want always. 

Okay, I don't care about what people are afraid of or, you know, usually
come with a better fucking story to help people figure that shit out or you should have fucking
went ahead and handed me an early on in the fucking life before I was actually able to go ahead
and to do anything that would harm anybody or harm myself, for example, not sit back here and make
the whole world like they do in the right fucking thing and I'm not what I clearly wanted to go ahead
and don't put a right thing to do, you know, and that's kind of the thing that was really frustrating
about the relationship that we had and the plans that I asked you because I didn't see it, you know,
I felt like maybe sometimes you had your own ideas and you were just being nice because you didn't
know what else the fucking deal with. I wanted to bleed out because you actually cared a little
but that was all, you know, what you actually cared what was going on. I visited that fucking evening
when I was good, you know, when I used to hang out with him and drive around with Rick and
she's not super, she was never that way. That was never her fucking idea. She was always,
I think we went that way. You know, when we started dating, she started talking to him
like it was all on the media. You didn't even know you were supposed to like talk to her. I don't
have to do anything. You know, I would like to go ahead and be axed out or to be or to
somebody to openly say how they, you know, not how I have to constantly go ahead and say the same
what I have to go ahead and say because people, you know, you know, they don't know what people
actually want until they actually express it openly and that's kind of like why I'm making videos
and making this conversation with this book because this book is supposed to help me see what I
reflect on my life or reflect on my ideas and then try to back it up with some sort of like,
you know, information.
So it's not really, it's really was a difficult thing during the pandemic. You know,
one thing that actually helped us out with the two vacations we actually went to,
one in New Hampshire and one in Virginia. You know, always going out with you was always
excited because we get a chance to step away free from the house.
And we always go ahead and wait for us to the house and then they always go ahead and they find ways to
they always find ways to go into the house and they always find ways to
like get in the way from the house is great, being able to be in these surroundings where
and that's what I'm trying to say. Like, that's important in life. 

But sometimes you don't, but sometimes you don't go ahead and you do that because of the fact that you
you as a person, me as a person, it's like always fighting with yourself and then the things you
want to do. Me at the time, the first trip we actually had, I was kind of like pondering like
when, when was I going to actually get, when was I actually going to be able to get, you know,
the job and like I was getting these like teaser jobs where interviews and shit and then they
wouldn't leave anywhere. And I never really understood what they were asking for. Why would you go ahead
and sit back and have this information and then don't do anything.
So I, you know, why frankly, you know, with that, but the video, I have to basically say,
the videos we actually have was great because it actually opened up the door to see that it was
actually something, you know, nice going on. You know, I was really happy and excited about the
things we were doing and I just wanted to be able to do, you know, more of that, you know. I'm always
about trying to like spend less time, you know, less money. You don't have to work too hard and
on this whole thing but working so hard. 

That's what we're, I think this whole machine learning, AI set world is coming from, because it's about trying to work less and try to spend more time
about being around to deal with you. But in order for you to really see that, you have to kind of
like actually experience those things. You know, being out on the freaking street was never a
problem for me. And not because the fact that I'm just so fucking cool, I know how to fucking handle
that shit. It's just that being out on the street is like, it's like, being out on the street.
Like, you know, with anybody, you can just deal with that shit. But the problem about it is just
like, you know, I feel like you people take advantage of you, you know. So that's, that's
that thing. That's what's going on for me, which is nice. But I definitely think that,
you know, at the end of the pandemic, what I would say, at the end of 2021, we did it in 2022,
that was the actual time when I realized that, you know, life was like,
was going to be kind of like challenging because of the fact that I had to go ahead and deal with the
fact that the landlord was trying to get rid of me. They didn't want me to be over there. They
would just make it look like. And yeah, which is it, you know. 

So. And I don't know, I just really feel like, you know, that's, that's, that's what I have to go
at and deal with in my life. Building, building out my life, you know, with you was great. I don't
know. I mean, I just really liked it. You know, one, being able to, like, to go to China and then
be able to see China from another perspective with someone else, but then being with you,
even though you're not from New England, China, I didn't really care too much about that. You
know, but somebody wanted to make like that with what, you know, you actually cared about. The
problem about what I see is that I'm on living on another side and living in another world.

I'm not trying to be richer. I'm trying for you to be a part of my world and be, and then ask it,
because if you go ahead and you go on my world, people can go off and they can do things in their
own world. Meaning that, well, like, it always looks like one side has to lose and the other side
has to win. It's like, it's not about winning or losing. It's like, you just have two different
sides of a coin. You know, and I, for example, like, living out here and doing all this stuff
doesn't have to be as bad as people think it is, but you should be able to come up with, you know,
a life that is worth living, you know? As long as I had my place, I was living as they could
have money. I was always able to fucking make money and do shit. 

You know, people fucking go do that all the time. Because you know, the people from 
different parts of the country manages to save up money and fucking take care of things
on the hill. And I don't know how they can, why they can do that. And then not you. 
You know, because sometimes you want to sit back here, they want to, like, take boy 
your fucking time. Or they want to get you to drive, like, so far away from your house 
to go ahead and keep you from doing it. Like, you don't need to do all that.
You know, and that, and this new society that's coming in is trying to make it where you don't
have to fucking go hard, because you shouldn't. You know, they do that to keep the control of the
people. 

Those people make sure that they can't do anything else. But you can't, you're not allowed
to know, nobody can know, you know, human beings should be controlling anything. And that's one
of the things I realized, because I want to be around you, I want to be around you more often,
I have to be able to have time to see her and spend time with her. She needs to have time to do
things on her own. But she, but she has to spend time with each other together as well. Right now,
we're kind of like, you know, this weekly thing when I only see you on weekends, which is
aggravating. But it's still better than not seeing her at all. But we have to make, I have to make
those efforts.
