Chapter 2, weathering the storms, years 2019 to 2021, 

These years were really the most significant or challenging, I would assume because of
the fact that it was the first three years that we wasn't living in the house with my
roommates anymore. They actually moved out. I didn't have my job set up. I was kind of like
in and out of a different jobs. I was utilizing tasksRabbit, exclusively. And I was also going
ahead and focusing on trying to get back into the tech world, which seemed to be very challenging.
I wasn't able to get a job on my own. I had to always wait for one of the companies I was working
for to call me up and say they had some sort of position for me. That stress alone
made it very difficult, but we managed to go out and eat and do things. I don't really remember
too much frustration from that standpoint. 

And we always managed to make mail pay the rent that was there to be there. So that was great as well. 
Our lives were pretty much running the same as it alway was. We didn't live separately too much. We went 
to your house, your mom's house at time. I went, you can't sit in mine, but you will live in there as well. But the idea of living together and going
and while you were going to school, it was basically the norm each week. We had our regular
scheduled intimate moments, which was great. But I did struggle with some aggravation,
some certainty on my own. But having the gym was great. And I think that at the end of the day,
the uncertainty of the job went away in July when I was actually got a call from one of my
the company's clients about working at Pandora/SiriusXM. And that was great, because
even though it didn't last no more than a couple months, it was great to have something that I
couldn't go back to. But I don't know. I know that you probably knew I shouldn't be having
these problems, but I was. But it seems to me that this was the, this was the issues. 
This was the actual, you know, the problems going through. I didn't fight it too often
 because I didn't know exactly on what was,I didn't know what, where it would actually lead to. I always assumed that, you know,
things would always come back, you know, and come back and be better as time went on. So
there was no problem with that. 

Our relationship, you know, always was kind of like rocky around this point because of the
fact that we didn't have much of,I guess we didn't have much say in what we wanted to 
go ahead and do prior to that. I think that going after coming back from Japan, you know, there was a little bit
frustration about like having a little bit of money. It was also some frustration about,
you know, where I was going to get my job back. And then in 2020, you got the opportunity to work
at the, at the accounting. And I went ahead and I got the job working at, well, I actually
got laid off. And then in the landlord want to move me out of the house. So I didn't really
like that idea. But in the end of the day, I feel like we wasn't very stressed out
in the house when during the pandemic, as most people were, you know, it was just me and you.
And, you know, eating out and going out places, even though, you know, you started to spend more
money as we went out. And it wasn't, it wasn't me anymore. It was as it was you. I, I didn't like
that as well. But I feel like that that was actually a great opportunity to see the, the balance that
relationship tends to be, you know, it's never really like a guy does everything and the man
does it. It's like, it's kind of like, you know, 60, 40 or 50, 50, sometimes it's never always
split down the middle. And you also get a chance to empathize and see how it is and when the person
has to work and take care of things and other persons doing their own thing. So that's the,
the ultimate vision that I actually have in that mindset that I like that idea. And I was really
happy and I wanted to go ahead and, and make that work. 

You always meant a lot to me. You still do. And, and I think that, you know, when I always felt 
that I always thought that, you know, that I wasn't upset about any of the problems we were actually going 
through. But I did notice that things were like slowly turning into like, like, for example, I used to be on the
birth control and we used to be having sex without, without condoms for a while. And then it went
from you not using the birth control to stopping birth control altogether. And then we have using
condoms and then going from condoms. We went to, we went from condoms to, to, you know, just using
like thighs and just rubbing against each other and stuff. And, and as that went down, I didn't
have too much of a problem with it because I know I always seen you. I think that, um, recently,
you know, in, you know, in 2023, now that I'm not like in the house anymore and I'm not working
and I'm like living out here like that, it's really where the aggravation is coming from.

So, you know, that's basically what that is. And, um, you know, and I'm not really looking to
go ahead and go into that particular area either. But I just wanted, you know, just talk about the
fact that, you know, the relationship that we have is, you know, the best that I actually would,
would want the relation to be. And, um, yeah, I have a lot to say about that.
