Chapter three. Embracing the journey. (2022 to 2023).

This year was pretty incredible because it was the actual year where we actually had the beginning,
preliminary beginnings to the jury and the courts and stuff like that and how they want to move me out
or they were trying to sue and the landlord was trying to get me out of the house.

Jamie was there, She didn't really understand the whole situation but she was on her way out of the house.
and I was in the house not really working and I think I was trying to get back on the Instagram.
I was asking my parents for money and I realized that the situation was going to have to change
in order for me to get better at, you know, solving it and it wasn't just for asking for money
but there was a lot of problems, you know, going on like getting a job wasn't available or almost impossible
and it wasn't, you know, applying for work wasn't really there.

And, you know, I guess that because I was applying for work, it was difficult to get things going
like I was hoping to just like apply for work for a job and get a job and be done with it
but it seemed to be difficult when applying for jobs it didn't come through.
One job did come through back in November of 2021, we know about the Costco issue
but the Costco issue, every reason why I stopped doing it was because I wasn't going to work like that.

That job was set up where I was going to go ahead and I was going to have to go across town and go to work, you know,
and get on the train and go all the way out to Manhattan to Long Island City.
I didn't mind doing that for the job I was working at with JetBlue Airways
because it was a little bit more money and it wasn't all different times.
It was like, you know, it was only, you know, it was only for eight hours in the morning.
I didn't mind but I didn't actually apply to that Costco one in Queens.
I applied to the one in Staten Island and the one in Brooklyn.
Brooklyn, Staten Island, I didn't apply to the store in Queens.

And the fact that, oh, and the one in Manhattan, the one I was near, near your house, you know.
And I thought that was actually was pretty fair but the fact that the one in Queens showed up, I didn't like that.
And it was like, you can go ahead, you can like, you can get, you know, they were telling me that, well, if you come here and you apply
you can always transfer to the other one, I was like, um, I'm not, you know, doing that.
I went in there, sat there for a while and just stopped and he was like, go and do it anymore.
And I remember you were kind of like questioning me for like, why would I go ahead and do that job, you know.
You know, why wouldn't I go in here? I said, well, and the reason why I went in here because I wasn't going to travel like that.
It was not really the type of job I would want to go all the way to, you know.

Getting on the train and going all the way to fucking Queens by an hour was not how I wanted to go in and do my job every single day.
And the money wasn't really, it wasn't, first of all, there wasn't enough money to work to do that job.
And I wasn't going to pay the rent there. And I wasn't paying the rent. I was looking for people to help me.
But it looked like what was going on at this time was that I was being aligned with my father and how he was working.
And if he, and I was able to do the job better than him, then it would show that I would be the one work.

I said, we're not doing all that shit. I said that he can go ahead and he can
stay there, that he can continue to fucking work. And I'll just be out here. All right. 
And then that's what we'll basically go ahead.
And I'll show you that you could do, you could do it with a lot, even a lot less.
You don't even need a fucking house to go ahead and do the things that you need to do.
And that's where I'm at right now with the aggravation, you know, because I feel that, 
you know, quite honestly, the burden that comes from having a job, you know, really 
comes under the stress that it comes from, you know, working like that.
And not talking too much about that job, but you know, that whole year was just,
 you know, was just a whole bunch of like games and simulations and stuff.
You know, going to this, to the courts and not being able to get seen, people asking you questions and not answering it.
And I don't know, they want you to get upset and get me to get mad.

I'm like, you guys are just being really silly. And I was like, this is not real. 
That's not how court works. You're trying to get me to get angry so you could do something.
It's like, why are we doing that so you can keep your job?
And it was just a facility to me because I felt like, you know, 
that's the one way they would actually get you out of the house,
because then they can go ahead and they would arrest you and then
you would have to go through all these fucking charges.
And you would have to just deal with that because that's what you did, you know.

And what I don't like about that situation though is that it's like, 
it's putting you into a situation where you can't do the things you wanted to do.
But they're trying to make it look like this is a situation that actually goes on. What would you do?
It's like, you're pushing me in a situation where I don't believe that's actually real.
So I'm not going to give them an answer. I'm not going to give them an answer that's 
going to lead them to some sort of, you know, yes or no.
And that's not how it is. I said that if I was in a situation, I would never gotten in that situation.
And that's the real reason. I would never have gotten in that situation.
That situation was not something that I would have gotten myself into.
And the whole idea was that I was supposed to get some sort of money from the state and I would get my things in it.
But like them moving myself out the house was like an illegal move.
And I'm not doing that. It's like I got to figure out how to handle that.
So I'm going to, you know, just take my time and just be patient and hopefully things would, you know, turn around.
And they have, you know, when I was able to go to Japan,
it was great because they allowed me to, you know, place my, my, my thought on something other than what was going on in me laying around my way.


-

If the world was trying to create a reality where it looked that I was
design to fail and I should just give up, then having you in my life not only gives me hope
but gives me strength, you know, looking at your face and talking to you and sharing
myself and sharing my heart with you. I know it's hard to really hear that sometimes b
ecause of the fact that, you know, life isn't necessarily straightforward, but it is sometimes.
I don't know what the future is lays out for us, but I would like to, every opportunity
I have to spend time with you, I would want to spend time with you and, you know, during the year
2022, you, you know, you basically, you know, was, you were going to work during the week
and then I would see you on the weekends, I don't know how I would even see you on the
weekends, I'll see you during the week because you would have, you know, your mom wasn't there.
But, you know, the trips that we actually had, you know, in 2021 and in 2022, they really
allowed me to kind of, I was a little bit skeptical because whenever I was frustrated,
I kept trying to figure out what was going on, who was to blame, and then I noticed that,
you know, I can only blame myself because I'm actually creating that world, you know.
But I was frustrated at my family because I felt like they sat in my world and pretended
they wanted to be there, but in reality, my family was not wasn't there.
And my family was frequently absent from my life in the past, so that's why I didn't care
about, you know, pushing them down the way I did.
But with us, we have a lot more of an intimate, interactive, you know, relationship and there's
a lot more for us to gain and to lose on the table than with them, so.
And that's kind of like why I feel like when we talk about this part of the video, well,
this part of the chapter of what we talk about embracing the journey is that in the next few
years, I would hope that I would be able to, you know, go back to, you know, work and be
able to build a world where we can, you know, bridge the gaps that were in our society.
You know, going ahead and having a business that allows us to see our cultures who we are,
even if it's not completely the real thing, just something they wanted to kind of say that's
that'll be fine.
Only because of the fact that I feel like we're going to be analyzed by people a lot,
meaning that they were the whole being scrutiny and analytical scrutiny, which is like where
something is observed at such a high level of focus that sometimes leads to discrimination,
but just tampered with, you know, you're looking at it from a different situation.
So I definitely think that from that particular situation, we would want to make sure that we
are sharing what we truly want and then people will try to keep us accountable for it.
And that's what this video and this book is all about, because I want to basically have
an analytical scrutiny of my life, but in a way where when I need help, people can understand
why.
It's easiest to push somebody off and when people ask for help, when you can see that if
you think it will have money.
But it's another thing to give somebody, push somebody aside when you find out they actually
do need to help, which I kind of do.
And our relationship, you know, I would like to us to have like a family.
I would have wanted us to have, you know, our own children, but you know, it seems that
that's not what you're looking to do.
You want to like adopt and, you know, that's what it is.
So I don't know.
I don't know what I like about that, but, yeah.
You know, and you said something about your sister, your mom wants your sister to probably
have the child, then your sister would just give you the child.
I'm like, I don't know about that, because like, who's going to fucking give her the child,
you know?
Who's doing it in the sperm, me, yeah?
And if I'm doing it, how am I doing that?

