So, here's the second part of the, yeah, particular situation I was talking about.
So, you know, if the world was trying to create a reality where it looked that I was
harder to fail and I had to give up, then having you in my life not only gives me hope
but gives me strength, you know, looking at your face and talking to you and sharing
myself and sharing my heart with you.
I know it's hard to really hear that sometimes because of the fact that, you know, life isn't
necessarily straightforward, but it is sometimes.
I don't know what the future is lays out for us, but I would like to, every opportunity
I have to spend time with you, I would want to spend time with you and, you know, during
2022, you, you know, you basically, you know, was, you were going to work during the week
and then I would see you on the weekends, I don't know how I would even see you on the
weekends, I'll see you during the week because you would have, you know, your mom wasn't there.
But, you know, the trips that we actually had, you know, in 2021 and in 2022, they really
allowed me to kind of, I was a little bit skeptical because whenever I was frustrated,
I kept trying to figure out what was going on, who was to blame, and then I noticed that,
you know, I can only blame myself because I'm actually creating that world, you know.
But I was frustrated at my family because I felt like they sat in my world and pretended
they wanted to be there, but in reality, it wasn't there.
And, you know, and they did that too many times in the past, so that's why I didn't care
about, you know, pushing them down the way I did.
But with us, we have a lot more of an intimate, interactive, you know, relationship and there's
a lot more for us to gain and to lose on the table than with them, so.
And that's kind of like why I feel like when we talk about this part of the video, well,
this part of the chapter of what we talk about embracing the journey is that in the next few
years, I would hope that I would be able to, you know, go back to, you know, work and be
able to build a world where we can, you know, bridge the gaps that were in our society.
You know, going ahead and having a business that allows us to see our cultures who we are,
even if it's not completely the real thing, just something they wanted to kind of say that's
that'll be fine.
Only because of the fact that I feel like we're going to be analyzed by people a lot,
meaning that they were the whole being scrutiny and analytical scrutiny, which is like where
something is observed at such a high level of focus that sometimes leads to discrimination,
but just tampered with, you know, you're looking at it from a different situation.
So I definitely think that from that particular situation, we would want to make sure that we
are sharing what we truly want and then people will try to keep us accountable for it.
And that's what this video and this book is all about, because I want to basically have
an analytical scrutiny of my life, but in a way where when I need help, people can understand
why.
It's easiest to push somebody off and when people ask for help, when you can see that if
you think it will have money.
But it's another thing to give somebody, push somebody aside when you find out they actually
do need to help, which I kind of do.
And our relationship, you know, I would like to us to have like a family.
I would have wanted us to have, you know, our own children, but you know, it seems that
that's not what you're looking to do.
You want to like adopt and, you know, that's what it is.
So I don't know.
I don't know what I like about that, but, yeah.
You know, and you said something about your sister, your mom wants your sister to probably
have the child, then your sister would just give you the child.
I'm like, I don't know about that, because like, who's going to fucking give her the child,
you know?
Who's doing it in the sperm, me, yeah?
And if I'm doing it, how am I doing that?
