All right, so this is the vacation to Japan, me and you, went to time, January, 2019.
I think we left like, I think the day after Christmas.
We left the day after Christmas.
So we were heading out there to try to enjoy the, you know, Japanese New Year.
It was funny because of the fact that, you know, I lost, you know, the contract job at Bank of America.
And I didn't have anything, didn't have much money to do anything.
But I was able to go ahead and do Instacart and pass rabbit, which was bringing in enough money to actually go out there.
It wasn't a lot.
Kind of low, but I felt bad because I remember that time we were out there.
You was kind of crying. I was kind of like pushing you about using your money or thinking that things were going on.
But that's because that's the way it felt at that time.
It felt that that's what the situation was.
And it wasn't really, it wasn't really, it wasn't really your fault.
But the way the system is going is like, you know, they're, they're, they're trying to manipulate the situation and get you to do something your own way.
So that way, you know, they can manipulate the situation.
I don't know how to really explain it.
It's kind of like this is, for example, I am.
I am at work.
And I can only speak positive to my coworkers.
I don't like to say yes to my coworkers.
And my manager, you know, even when they're wrong, you just still to say yes, yes, yes, sit down.
And that type of like role is kind of is deceptive to the manager because the manager can't gauge on what they're doing right.
And you end up doing things that are, I guess, like, not bad, but just, it's just not a really good look for you.
And I feel like that's what was going on, you know, with, you know, the whole trip to Japan.
You know, I mean, like you said, yeah, you went ahead.
You want to go, you know, when we were out there, you know, we had a good time, you know, money was kind of tight.
But I was actually happy to be out there with you.
In the world that we were in, you know, like, for example, the world where we were visiting my friends.
We were traveling, you know, around and we managed a great out there where I'm having to have like, I didn't have like my full time job.
I just scratched money together and we didn't get that done.
And we were able to still pay the rent on time and other bills without it being, you know, a pain for us, you know, monetarily.
It was great.
I just really think that we did a good job in that sport.
It was also the fine places to eat, you know, and also places to stay that wasn't that bad, you know, like the woman that lived in Kobe.
And the one in Tokyo, you know, I think that, you know, I think that that was the problem with the whole trick was that, you know, money really caused us to like not make good decisions.
And I really liked that, you know, we took a lot of good pictures and, and I'm really happy that I've gone there with you, you know, especially like being there on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day in the house, you know, I don't know.
It's been a very, very powerful thing. I can't not, I don't know, I cannot really express anything more about the trip out there.
You know, I mean, I really wish I had like a lot of money to get to you and help you, but I really, and like I said to you when I first met you, that I really believe in like a theory that, you know, that there has to be like a very powerful love that two people have to kind of
dream together in order to, in order to have the relationship that is necessary to for family.
I think that what goes on in America is that we don't live in that world.
We don't live in that world.
We live in, we live in a world where we try to, we kind of try to impress other people
with stuff that we didn't make and with money that we didn't really earn.
And that is how we, you know, ultimately build our lives and, and some people are okay with that type of lifestyle.
And in reality, I'm not really happy with that lifestyle.
I'm the person that, you know, I just grew up with my parents, not really caring about each other, you know, just pretending the whole time.
I don't know what it is.
I'm trying to really feel that they were like underneath some like secret like law or some, some secret, you know, you know, are agreeing that they had to like be completely like immediately angry at the whole entire time in order for them to really build.
The life that they actually wanted and it didn't make sense to me, you know.
It didn't really make sense to me at all because of the fact that who the fuck controls you for that life, you know.
And it's really bothers me when I, that, that argument that I'm trying to bring to you is that argument is hard for me to understand.
I'm going to go into that in deeper detail in the, in other books, but in this book, I just wanted to talk about like going to Japan, being able to show my friends that you were dating and, you know, and somebody's trying to say that, oh, you know, Japanese.
And we took a picture together.
Everybody got that picture somewhere. I gotta find it.
You know, and, and just try to like put together, you know, something that will ultimately make the, you know, the whole trip that we're having, you know, great.
You know, I don't really think that, I don't think that it's, it's, it's, I don't know. I just, I don't know what to really think, but I was really, I'm happy to be able to have that time together because the trip to Japan, you know, was something I was trying to do again with you, you know, that was the second trip that year, you know.
And I was happy to find the opportunity to attach rabbit coming to the same today and given that opportunity to go to Japan, you know, and then the money wasn't really, was really tight, but he was able to get it, you know, and I think that that's the thing about, you know, this whole new, this whole new alternate lifestyle, you know, where everybody's sitting back here and doing, you know, something, you know, it's just, it's just great for me to actually have that.
You know, lifestyle, you know, I don't know how it is in the future, you know, but I feel that we will see something like that in the future, you know, they just have to kind of put together something.
And yeah.
But, you know, I think that that's the type of lifestyle we should be having.
I mean, I remember, I had a friend, he was Ian, me and him went to school together.
He knew my friend in school, but he got family in Germany and he went with me to Germany.
Well, we got a manager when he went on like a backpack trip for a month, moved us out there.
It was a great trip.
And one thing he told me about the reason he was so cool about his life and everything, it was because of his parents.
They kind of had that city like outgoing lifestyle and they, before they got, you know, they had, they had me, you know, they moved their bike from, I think for a whole year, I think, eight months or ten months, they rode their bike from like New York to like Alaska.
And then they stated, these little like churches, they made a tent outside and they just stayed outside, you know, whole time at night.
It just, you know, got through the whole thing.
And this really think that that was a great thing for him to actually, you know, to express.
And when I went to his house, because he is parents, his parents showed the pictures of them and when she was on the way back, they showed he was pregnant.
His mother was pregnant with the queen.
And I don't know what it is about society, but I just feel like we have to kind of come together with addressing like, you know, the loving cause of the family.
A lot of the times in people's families and relationships, there's a lot of heartache and pain and frustration that leads to aggravation and, you know, people get, you know, like my mom said that she got married, my own accident.
She wasn't really interested in all this stuff.
And it's like, what the hell?
Why would you go ahead and do all that?
And, you know, we are, you know, growing up, I didn't really see what they were actually going.
I just felt like they, everything about their relationship is a mistake.
And she had to take care of us.
It's costly fighting.
They said they loved it.
They were really care.
And then at the end of the day, they did this fucking argument with each other.
And I'm just not really a big fan of the fighting, you know.
And when they were, they were forced so much to the point where they would actually have like a moment where they were in love or they were happy or kissing and stuff.
It just felt weird and I would just laugh at them because it's like, that's just so fake.
You know, I mean, like if you were, if it is fake, you shouldn't be fake with me, you know.
And, you know, I don't know.
I'm still kind of on the ropes about a lot of things, you know, because I don't know how I really feel about it.
But, um, yeah.
And she won't really say anything about it.
You know, like, oh, she mean you.
You don't really tell me too much about what you are feeling or how you're thinking about.
But I do feel that, you know, it's, uh, it's a, it's really important.
We express ourselves and what we want in our lives and stuff.
Because if we don't, um, we tend to hurt each other in the future.
And, you know, because of the fact we're not really giving ourselves an opportunity to be ourselves, you know.
I mean, in Japan, a lot of people just get married just to get married.
Because of the fact that that's the way that, you know, things went home.
That's because marriage was a way that people's money and stuff that would get passed on.
They would protect that information and check the money.
And that's how they would kind of do things.
And what would go along with that is that you reject yourself.
You reject yourself. You don't, you don't enjoy your life.
And you're just holding on to these physical things that you end up giving up anyway in your life, you know.
And I really feel like there's a way to kind of continue to manage that while still being in a relationship.
You know, you don't have to go ahead and give up on all that while trying to build your life together with someone.
And, um, yeah, you know, and when it comes down to us going to Japan, you know,
it really felt like that was one of the best times for us.
You know, I mean, when you went with, um, with Kensky, you know,
who they were to take us to, um, to the temple and we went to the onsen.
And then after the onsen, I got, well, I like, but the onsen was that I really felt the difference between us,
your skin, because it was just so soft and smooth after being in that, the onsen.
And I just never really, you know, I just really liked that.
I just, I don't know. I just really enjoyed those things.
And I'm sorry that, you know, that we, and this is which I don't know if the situation that we're in is making our relationship stronger.
Because we're going through so much turmoil and pain.
Or if it's not, if it's, if it's not, if it's not necessary to, you know,
I don't ever, I can't picture myself being happier without you because of the problem that we actually are going through.
You know, I, I would like for us to have more of a, you know,
I would like to have more of what we had in the beginning relationship instead of having what we have right now,
which is it feels like we're just like fighting.
For no reason, you know.
Yeah. And enough.
And, you know, and I'm trying to come together. I'm putting things together.
I'm, I'm making things, you know, more, um, stable.
You know, in a certain way.
But I don't necessarily know how to make it better for both of us.
I mean, like right now you're, you're working in your, your, your boss's house.
I don't know if you're in the state that you really want to be in.
I don't think you said you liked your work routine.
But you work it, you know, and now that your mom is home, you know,
you know, I don't see you on a regular basis, which is aggravating.
You know, but I'm not going to go back to my fucking family.
You know, I fucked them.
You know, I don't know how the hell like somebody didn't even think that I would want to go ahead
and go back and go from them. You know, I wouldn't even care. You know, but like,
I said that that was the whole thing. And I didn't get to have a talk to you.
And then this is the old, this is this is it.
Then I'm not going to go back to them. I'm not going to talk to you.
I don't do a fuck.
That's a big idea. Like whatever.
You go off and you live your life and you talk about how great your fucking family is
while you know the truth.
You know, I don't understand what that is, but that's an only look for.
This is what we're about to pay.
You know, I'm sorry about this issue in Yokohama too.
When we was in Yokohama and I, you gave the money to me.
You just like kind of frustrated.
I don't know what it was.
Sometimes I was thinking about our relationship.
I just felt that you probably were just like pulling on me because that's
usually what it felt like.
You know, you didn't really say too much.
You know, you just kind of like let's sat there and just let me run my mouth
at the damn time.
But when you did get upset, it kind of like exploded in a way that didn't really
look or feel that you were trying to be, you know, being real with you.
You know, I don't know.
I just really felt like that was, that's how you prefer the situation.
But I think that, you know, when I can get the money back and get my
opportunity to do what I need to do, I will definitely, you know,
repay you back and, you know, and try to make up for all the things
that's going on.
But I don't really want to feel that I'm being controlled really
way.
I just don't like that feeling.
It's just like, I don't want to feel like I'm giving it to you because
I made a decision that I want to do it.
Not because of the fact that like, oh, I'm on the obligation to give you
something.
Like how, you know, for example, like how Valentine's Day tries to make
you feel like, you know, but I'm in the obligation that you have to give
out some, you know, presence for your, for the hour.
And I don't think that's actually true for you there because like,
you know, every time it's not, you don't know how much money to give
you, you know, even how much, how much did you pay for a rain or
a wedding and stuff like that.
You know, like, it should, it should come down to how much money
you have or what almost you guys can afford and who you are as a
person, you know.
You know, this, this is feel like, you know, there should be other ways
to express your love for somebody rather than just giving out money,
you know.
So, yeah.
And, you know, that whole trip was great.
I mean, like, you know, one of the other thing that we added to talk
about was the tour.
We went to see the, um, went to that area where it was supposed to be
a town where the, the author or the, the creator of Conan,
Detective Conan, Mae Tante Conan.
Um, you know, it was a long way from our, um,
there's a long way from, from where we were going.
Like, honestly, like in the opposite direction of where, you know,
coaching was, you get to take, like, two trains and stuff like that.
But I do remember that time when we were talking with, um,
he was talking with your friend.
He had an arm and again.
And you, and like, I took a walk and walked around and then he
met that girl and then like she was also from like, you know,
it was like some, you know,
trouble, you know, a girl from Cantonese and, and my whole, you know,
idea of like doing something could have came up at that point.
But I didn't take, I didn't do it, you know.
And, I don't know, I just didn't do it.
You know, and, and I think the reason why I didn't do it just,
it was like not in the mood, you know.
I was like, you know, I, I, I thought you would, you would ask
him like this, it was like a normal thing.
Oh, you know, if you just, that happened a lot of girls come out
here and you can do this show and then she ended up like,
you know, she ain't putting a few for a minute, but that was it,
you know.
I don't know.
I just, I really remember that.
And I, I, I looked at the pictures of her and I was like,
her name was Kanko or something like that.
C-A-N-C-L, Kanko.
And, and she was from, she was from Hong Kong or something.
And this felt like, you know, oh, wow, you know, they're really
cool to, to have, you know, got to know her a little bit more.
She sent you a picture of her like, she went to the onsen or something,
you know.
And I just wasn't really fast on that.
You know, I really feel bad that I'm not quick on, you know,
only because like, you don't act like you want that stuff.
And, and I really want to be in a situation where you would want to
be able to kind of play with that because I really feel like that's
like my, well, that's like my own personal fantasy.
It's not yours and, you know, and I don't know.
I'm not really interested in like breaking up with you just so I can
have those experiences.
I think that, you know, we can learn to just live with each other
without all of that, you know.
But this world is right now, it's just not making it easy, you know.
So I definitely will say that I'm, I'm, I'm not really going to argue
about it.
You know, but, you know, I, I, you know, if that was the kind of like,
that was the way that it would have it.
It would have been nice.
So going to trip like that.
And that would happen like that, you know.
But yeah, um, going to Kochi was also great.
You got to check to meet him on, you know, I don't know if he, you
know, for the reason why, you know, I, I feel like, you know, like,
it's just like so weird for him to be gone, you know.
And, um, you know, for people that said that I can't make, like,
oh, all the things you were doing was like a not bigger, big deal.
You can't do stuff.
You know, just don't really make, doesn't really make sense to me.
I feel like, you know, it's our lives are not meant to be, you
know, so, so difficult, you know.
One of the reasons why, because like, for example, like going to
Japan has always been something I would do.
And now it's turning into like, you know, everyone's making the
sense of like, oh, you can't, you can't go to Japan anymore or
friends and stuff like that that were out there and you can't
really mess with them.
And, and it's just really, just really bothers me.
That's not the way I would want our lives to be.
I was always hoping for us to have like a relationship that would
grow into something that, you know, Japan would be something
great.
But some reason, you know, there's this other thing going on and it's
just, you know, just, you know, just frustrating to me.
So I don't really know how else to say it.
So I definitely am, you know, perplexed about that whole thing.
But, you know, you go into Japan.
That was great.
I think that was like the first time for like, you know,
after being in, you know, to go to Japan, to go traveling that
far with, you know, with my girlfriend, you know, like that,
that was me going to Japan in the beginning.
It's all about my, me going in with my girlfriend who didn't want
to go because she was afraid of losing her job.
And she, or she, or she didn't think that you have a job.
I just didn't like that.
It was like, we could have made that decision that we were going to
go away.
You were going to think like, hopefully you come back and, you know,
or you could catch, you could have kept her job, you know, and
she didn't have to fucking work.
You know, it's, I don't know.
It's just really aggravating.
You know, I don't really don't know how to figure things out.
How I felt was that if I didn't say anything and just went along
with what I want to do, like whatever else I was supposed to do
in one, there'll be no problem in any of my relationships.
The reason why problems were the words arrived was because
Iowa was complaining about things and objects is the thing
that I want to do.
And then people would have complained to me that I always
wanted more than I deserved.
And I'm just like, if you're not giving any money at all to
the situation.
So when I'm looking to do things, it's always about money, you know?
And I don't know.
I just really should have migrated by it.
But, you know, but, if we had to go to Japan again,
I know that you probably want to have more money, you know?
But this whole situation now is just really aggravating, you know?
But, yeah, you know, the trip to Japan was aggravating.
I mean, like, even like the whole, you know, you trying to get
the money to go to Japan and get the visa, you know, you had
a Chinese visa if you had to have, like, show some money if you had
and it would be difficult for you and, you know, making a big deal
of you going in like that and, you know?
I just didn't really like it.
I don't know what was going on, but, you know, to me, I feel like
what's going on is that people have just tried to, you know,
just make our relationship, you know, be like, it's not real, you know?
And I'm not going to give up on that, you know?
I'm not going to give up on us for that, you know?
I don't know what it is, but...
I don't know why it's so hard for us to just be together, you know?
And, you know, I don't understand what that is.
But, you know, going out there was great, you know?
I don't know why it's so hard for us to just be together, you know?
And, you know, I don't understand what that is.
But, you know, going out there was great, you know?
It wasn't too cold, it wasn't too hot, you know?
I just want us to be able to do something like that again, you know?
You know, I feel that going to Japan by myself,
it was a thing, you know?
That was, you know, experiencing.
But going to Japan with you, it felt more like, you know?
It was like an experience between us, you know?
I lived with a kind of like, you know, talk to you while we were out there, you know?
I mean, when I'm with my friends, you know, people who I was with, they didn't really, like, you know?
I have a hard time looking at it now, because it just doesn't feel like it's like a real thing.
Like, the whole going out there, you know?
I feel like, you know, because, like, right now, I don't feel like anybody, you know?
You don't really speak to me at all right now, you know?
Like, I call them, then they'll say something.
But, like, I'm not saying anything, they're not really talking, you know?
And I don't even know what that is about.
I don't even know how to even think about that.
But, yeah, you know, but it's a really weird thing to me.
So, yeah.
And we'll be going again, hopefully, you know?
Not, whatever.

Me and Jamie visited Japan from December  26 2018 to January 12th 2019.
While in Japan we stayed in Tokyo, Saitama, Kyoto, Tottori , Nagoya and Kochi.
While in Kochi we met some of my friends and visited some of the popular locations like KOchi Castle.
We also went to Tottori where the famous Artist of Detective Conan was born in.
The trip to Tottori was Jamie's idea since she is a big fan of detective Conan.

While on the trip we had a small argument which led us not speaking to each other and leading  Jamie to 
Crying I was not proud to have spoken to her to the point where she broken down and cried.
Ie for that and will try to avoid that in the future.

I also want to point out how going to one of Nagoya's Hot spring was great but I would like 
to go back with Jamie to a hot spring we can share together. Hopefully one within the bedroom 
we would ultimately use.

