So, this vacation was summer of 2021.
You know, Jimmy already got our vaccinations.
And you booked a trip to go to New Hampshire.
I didn't even want to do some hiking.
And, you know, and I've never been in New Hampshire before.
But she had this idea about two-one of those hiking woods.
I, me personally, I was, like, not really interested in going into a trip like that because of the fact that.
It wasn't, I didn't have any, like, real money to spend.
And the people that, um, who were there, were just kind of weird.
Talked themselves.
They were just kind of weirdly weird.
And, um, I was always hoping for a trip where I would actually, you know, grow and learn.
And do things that were, you know, interesting, you know, for me.
But I felt like, you know, it was something that Jimmy wanted to do.
I wanted to do that for her.
With her.
I felt like, you know, it was been great to, you know, enjoy that time with her.
It was great, you know.
We did a lot of, like, um, hiking.
There was a boat we actually did where we, we both had our own.
Um, and we did a lot of pictures, videos in the house, which I really feel like, at the time,
there was a lot of things going on.
I really couldn't tell what was going on, but I look into the videos now.
I feel like I liked how the videos came out.
You know, like, we had a lot of sexual, like, energy going on.
And I feel like, Jamie was actually, like, fulfilling a lot of this sexual energy as well.
But I'm the one, you know, pushing, you know, all the fucking sexual energy.
But in this one, you know, Jamie was actually really, you know, transforming into, you know,
a whole nother person, you know.
And I was kind of, like, worried about, um, a few things.
Like, I was worried about, you know, the job.
I was worried about, um, being able to, um, I was worried about being able to, you know,
pay for everything.
And my landlord was trying to get me to move out.
So I knew that it was going to be challenging.
To do all of that.
But looking at the video, like, two years later, I really like how she, I really like the videos,
you know.
I like the house.
The house is really was a nice, quaint, like, cabin type of house.
I would have to go back there.
But, um, I definitely think that it was a great trip.
Um, you know, the, you know, traveling around there, I was like, I think that, you know,
I wanted us to do that.
We went to eat out a few times at this little restaurant where we paid the money for, um,
for some, um, breakfast and dinner and stuff.
And then we went to these, um, we tried to find like, you know, Jamie wanted to have, like,
Asian food.
You couldn't get that.
There was a, um, a Mexican restaurant.
There's old tacos and stuff.
We went there too.
I mean, like, while we were there, it felt like there was like something else going on.
But, um, I really do enjoy the pictures, the videos.
You know, being in a relationship.
When, like, things are like stressed out the way they were.
I really felt like I was grateful to be around, you know, you, and I was happy for that.
And, um, you know, I really am thankful for that.
You were able to be there for me that whole time.
Um, you know, I didn't really show up because I was just kind of like aggravated by what was
going on.
It couldn't really tell.
But yeah, I'm looking at the video right now.
I really do enjoy it.
