
Chapter 1 The Early Years

So this is the next section. Earlier we were discussing, you know, up until 2017 when I
actually lost my garage up low. 
You know, me and Jamie was having sex a lot and we were, you know, on a regular, we were
basically hanging out and doing things normally on four, like four, five, you know, days a week. 
You know, sometimes there will be time we needed to, I couldn't see it one week because she had
to go visit her family and friends or something like that. But as time went on, she lost 
more and more and more of her family. And not more than most of her. She didn't lose her family. 
What she lost was, she didn't, she wasn't interacting with her friends as much. And she was spending a lot more time with me.
And we went on and did things. You know, I tried to make a good opportunity to visit
her and talk to her friends and her family in southern. I have this dream to have a relationship
with her. 

But I think that, you know, I always knew that it was going to be difficult. I
just knew that my life and money, there was just something going on that was really making
it difficult. And I couldn't really understand why. And now I have a better understanding
on why may have been the issue going on the whole time. And I might be coming out with
a book that will explain and address that in the future as well. The case of the May,
the case in point is I'm trying to understand, you know, why would be the purpose of it?
How strong is the adversary and what, and what am I supposed to be trying to do? What
they want me to do?

You know, it looks like they would just think it was a story that
they thought I was going to leave because I left the country. And like me going out
of the country alerted me to like, you know, take my spot because he was going to be some
sort of like, you know, terrorist or something like that, understanding the fact that like
there's no possible way that anybody in the political standpoint would know anything about
the world where I know about it. 

You know, and what it looks like honestly is that they would want somebody that acts like
them to be part of that group because they need for you to be a sheep as well. You know, 
the person who isn't a sheep who follows their own path lives alone and does things by 
themselves. But I offer me to come back to the group. I can't be working with people who 
are like me and her can't be outside the group. You know, at least that's how it looks 
like as you know, as I was going to be or there's something about her having children. 
We can't have the child, whatever the case may be. But I, you know, I don't want to, 
I don't want to like lose her. I don't want to like go ahead and not alter her. 
And I don't, and like, there's no reason or no excuse for me not to be able
to talk to Jamie if I want to talk to her, you know. So from 2017, December 2017, all
the way to 2019, January 2019, that's about maybe about a year or more. 

You know, I wasn't, I wasn't working. And then I got this job working for the bank. 
But that didn't really go into a situation where they looked like what happened when 
I did something again, like signing up and getting my information, everything all entered, 
you know, pulled into these areas where they thought I was doing something. And it
probably was wrong. But I just felt that these people are smart people. Okay. So, you know,
if you go ahead and somebody like me risks running into a whole bunch of fucking problems
and then you mess up, then it's just your fault because there's no pay that you can't pay, 
you can't possibly be capable of going to work and going to school and doing all these 

other things and being able to sit back and do everything else. You know, meaning that, 
you know, the person who's in charge needs to be smart enough to know to make sure that 
they're not making too many mistakes. You know, and what happened was that I felt that,
you know, being with Jamie, I didn't care about it. Because no matter what was going on, 
I couldn't find, I couldn't see Jamie was a very unique woman. And she was, and I just 
really enjoyed talking with her. She didn't really hold any threat to me. 


I think that was, she actually, you know, her threat was that maybe somebody was trying
to make her look like it was her. I said that, but talking to her, I couldn't see that. 
I didn't see what she was going to gain from it. Now, if I was trying to do something 
that was of some level of high magnitude, then you would see that's what it would maybe
would need to her being that way. But, you know, I really wanted to be able to find all 
you want to talk to, you know, Jiamiao Lu, you know, the woman that I was talking to, 
the real girl, you know, and get her to believe that, like, you know, this is how I 
feel about things. And this is how I want you to feel. And I don't want to argue about 
it because of the fact that it's just how I feel, you know, it's that this is
how I'm able to get through the things I'm getting through. 


And nobody can really tell me otherwise, you know, and that's the kind of thing that was going on between me and
her. So from 2017, you know, she we had a little birthday, like thing we did, we went
to be stayed at a hotel, no Airbnb, we had a really great time in the air. And then, you
know, you know, I wouldn't, it wasn't me to get another job for about a couple of months
after that. And, and then when I, and I started, I started just looking into like fiber and
all the other like alternative ways of making money. 

And they were slim to none, you know, but, you know, you know, Jamie was still like in 
school and working. And she was coming periodically. I was going to her house, but
her mother stayed away from the house. So I didn't have to see her mother that often. We 
were still getting tickets here and there, you know, so I was really aggravated about that, 
you know. So, you know, on the end of the day, you know, I just wanted to make sure I
stayed focused with what I wanted to be with her, you know, and, you know, and like I think I went, 
I went to Japan in March of 2018. I went out there, there was, you know, there was, 
we, in her union was actually having a very difficult time because she, her, her father was
kind of really sick. And I think that she was, I don't know, I can't really explain how you felt that.
My, my belief at that time was that you probably wanted me to just break up with you and go out 
with someone else at that point and make it easy for you. But because that I didn't let you go, 
you probably was upset about that and was forced to, you didn't want to really continue on with the relationship,
you know, and because when we finally, after like about a week or so,
she finally decided to talk to me and we were talking a little bit more. 


I didn't even have like a video of me on the phone guiding with you and trying to talk to you about how I felt
and everything, you know, because when every time, everything else out in the world was like,
like was focused on trying to make it look like, I didn't know something, you know,
and then I was like wrong and you just need to stop everything you're really doing. And it's just
like really stupid. It's like, the people who are talking to people are so fucking programmed
that they can't see how stupid they sound. You know, so that's, that's just the weird thing about that.
So, you know, that's just the whole idea about that whole situation. 

Do I like this issue? Do I really like the how it is? Well, yes and no, you know, because if I was
actually talking to Jamie on a regular basis, then and like, and that is if it's going on, it might,
it might be really difficult to kind of figure out how, how powerful our relationship was because
the more that people were trying to pull us apart, the more stronger I wanted to stay with her 
because it wasn't any reason not to, you know. And like the things out and the ideas I wanted, 
like I talked about like the threesomes and sexual fantasies and stuff like that, that always 
the gear towards my, my dreams, you know, the things I really want. I don't really don't need 
that to actually come alive, but I do feel that I want to make sure that my life is comfortable enough where,
you know, Jamie is willing to explore those things, you know, like, and be able to think about those
things. 

It feels like it came, it feel like it drained her a lot since this whole time, especially
when I came out, when I left Japan, you know, she stopped doing things a lot, you know, she probably
thought that, you know, oh, you know, things are going to fall apart and you were going to like,
you know, was it going to have anything or you were going to leave or something like, you know,
I don't know, it was just really aggravating. And I was like, I wasn't leaving, you know,
as of anything, I'm going to come over here and I'm going to make everybody else uncomfortable,
you know. 

So from that time on, you know, 2018, 2019, you know, Yuka Craig and Camille
finally got, you know, they kicked out and then me and Jimmy spent the whole two years,
two and a half years in house together, you know, and I was in that, and things were never really
like up, up in the air was just really like, you know, like, like struggling. But I definitely feel
that at this point, I'm not, I'm really angry at like how much time it was, was, was fell apart.
But I do feel like I learned a lot, new thing is new ways and, and you get a chance to grow a little
bit. But I'm really upset about my family because I don't know what the hell their part, their whole
part in this situation was, you know, them, them trying to make my life miserable or
try to get me to, or try to get me to feel like I was not good enough for, I was not
happy enough or, you know, or, you know, 

I was just going down the wrong path and it just felt like,
why would I be in that situation, you know. And that was the whole thing, you know, my whole thing
about living a life was like, figure out, like play the game, you know, of what people wanted
you to believe, try to work hard when that situation comes through. When things didn't go right,
you call people out on it, like, because it like, for example, if there's a problem with your
jobs, well, I can't get a job, you know, like if I'm applying, applying, applying, I can't get a
job, you know, like, oh, that must mean, no, it means nothing. It just means that you don't,
that people don't want you to do that. 


And then like, when I have, when I have my department,
and I have to go ahead and not be able to, I can't pay for the, for the department,
it wasn't me move out of the dam apartment, you know, that's what I was upset about. So I'm not
moving out of the department because I don't have to, I don't have the money, I don't have the money,
you know, you know, the argument with the landlord was that, or if you can go to Japan,
then you can move out of the department. Like, no, I can physically move out the apartment,
but where am I going? Like, if I was going to go, like, if I, if I were to Japan and I realized
that there was something I was running into over there, and I would have basically went there,
but it felt like even over there, they were trying to make it like, oh, it was all this
weird nonsense of like, it can't possibly be this. That's what I was just trying to say,
you can't possibly be that way. You know, you want, they were trying to make like, oh,
there's some secret thing that you were trying to figure out. 

I said that you, even if you were basically known as shit, you would never know, you know, where near that you would, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't lead you to that. You know, I'm trying to say it like, it's not, but I will leave,
I will make sure that I'll be out here trying to get help. And everybody will see that this person
is trying to get help. And all you're doing is just saying nonsense. You know, that's why,
like, you know, things had to happen. It was between my, me and my family because it's like,
it doesn't make any fucking sense. Okay, it's almost like, if they're trying like somebody else
left, and they took your spot. Now you're following on along. I said that you don't even know what
that is. You're being ridiculous among yourself, you know, because that you scared that person
into doing, going away from that. But that all came from the love and, and, and I actually had for,
for Jamie, you know, I said, I want to give you everything. I want to be able to make you feel
happy because that's what I really feel like is important. Your life is not supposed to be miserable,
you know, and that's kind of like where I still feel, feel, feel with that, you know, everybody
else is saying that anybody else is going on. Anybody else that's talking to us or anybody that
interacts with us, it's just running on impartial information.

They're not really running on like information that it's remotely like real. You know, I'm trying to
say, like I, I constantly had problems at all the fucking time, always had problems. So, you know, 
when this whole pandemic and everything went different apart, I still didn't care. Like, oh,
basically what it is, you know. So, anyway, I think that's enough for this clip, you know. 
I think the next clip I'm going to talk about is our, you know, doing the, you know, we, you
know, we started doing the Instacart and DoorDash and all these delivery jobs and how, you know,
allies were back then, you know, and Japan, where, you know, things weren't really, you know, 
it went great. But, you know, I know I feel like
I messed up somewhere with you. So, I'll talk about that.
