
Alright, testing, testing, testing, one, two, three.

This conversation is about 2019, me and Jamie went to Florida, Universal Studios.
We planned that trip, I think, a couple of weeks before we went, to go to Florida for
New Year's.
It was great, but we didn't get a chance to go to Disney World, did you, Universal Studios?
We flew with JetBlue, and I think it stayed at a hotel, not too far from the Universal Studios,
walking distance almost. One thing I like about going to amusement parks is that you
always have the opportunity to like be within the world of a child, you know, you're just going to ride and enjoy
yourself, the parents are worrying about the money.
Now I went to Universal Studios with an Ex-girlfriend of mine, Chiharu.

Going to Florida with Chiharu was great, you know, it was nothing wrong with our time about going there.
Going there, this time without her and going there with Jamie, it was kind of weird because
I went there with her. The trip was about, I don't know, I think it was like three or four days.
When we got there, we rented a car, I believe, we rented a car, and I think we rented a
car, I think, or we, I don't know, we used Uber, did we, yeah.
And it was a very like relaxed, you know, trip. And it was just that, you know, 

I think that I was still dealing with the fact that my contract ended with my job, 
so I didn't have the opportunity to, you know, do some of the things that I normally
do when I go, you know, traveling because I was trying to conserve money.
And then, you know, it was the end of the year, so it was like 2020.

I think I have some pictures, I'm going to check out the pictures real quick.
And yeah, you know, going to, you know, is there something about going to, you know,
the amusement park is always great, okay, with December 30th, 2020, no, 2019, all right.

I'm going to see too many pictures up here, look at it, yeah, here we go, check out the
pictures now. So, you know, we went to different rides, transformers to Harry Potter show, there was
some party at Universal Studio, we didn't go to that, all right.


yeah there was like some sort of party, like you know like a club type of thing
we didn't go there we just spent the time going on different rides and trying to
enjoy the you know the day when the fireworks went off we went out there was
some fireworks somewhere and we went back to the hotel and that was it one of the
things I felt was weird what's that Jamie wasn't really interested in everything
I was feeling I was I was interested in I think money-wise she was spending money
too like I think she used her credit card for the to reserve the room and just 
was weird. 

I didn't feel like it was opportunity to like be a little bit more intimate and
didn't do that more intimate we she tried to be intimate we just didn't do it and 
I just felt I felt like that was actually aggravating for me that I want to be
intimate but I couldn't really get  there but the trip on the on the water meaning 
her was sharing a canoe and it was nice because we had to like practice like rowing
at the same time we had a little bit of problem and she would laugh hysterically

her laughing was really weird because I always had this idea about trying to be
a little bit more serious when it come down to doing that stuff but you know
we would we would something we would ride out our boat into like you know to the
coast or you we would ride out we would ride in circle and we would like with a
group so we're gonna keep up with the group but our rowing kept us from not
doing it properly I mean like we got through it you know but I realized

that's what it was and then what we were actually doing was that we had a flight
out of Florida that same day so we got there early did that and then we were
trying to catch the plane record the plane was fine but just having to go
through that which ridiculous so yeah I I definitely think that the trip was
great I would like to have gone on more rides it would work in places I'm
gonna be a beach or something but it was like the
only was turning into like weird stuff you know at the time things are just
becoming weird but this was like the last trip we actually did before the
pandemic hit so you know this is an opportunity to to really think about how
the trip how things were it was kind of crazy

without witness going on we actually got to the airport when we were going to
Florida but I was using JetBlue and one of the people that were working for Jet
Blue went into their original their airport and he was like oh you know he
doesn't have a name on his you know license they were just like making a lot
of noise about that but it wasn't a problem and then it was like traffic 
after the airport leaving it felt like it was too annoying but I would like
to go away to go to Florida again but this time when I go get me wants me to 
spend my money so I've made that happen
